From our humble beginnings as a small chain of eclectic Southern California convenience stores, Trader Joe’s has grown to become a national chain of 475 (and counting) neighborhood grocery stores, employing more than 41,000 Crew Members.  How?  By being comfortable with being different. For the first time, our Captains (store managers) and Crew Members (employees) are taking you Inside Trader Joe’s in a new 5-part series.  
Go inside:
* A private Tasting Panel, where decisions are made about new Trader Joe’s products.
* A wine tasting tour to Napa Valley, California, looking for great wines and great values.
* An overseas adventure, where new Trader Joe’s flavors are discovered.
* The mind of Joe himself to find out why the Crew Members wear Hawaiian shirts.
* The values that make Trader Joe’s so different.

Are you a Trader Joe’s fan?  Want to know what keeps people coming back?  Go Inside Trader Joe’s. Thanks for listening.
Everything that is good in life is worth discussing. Lots of wine, whiskey, beer, and cigar talkin with a couple of good ol' boys.
Get an entertaining, behind-the-scenes look at the world of food with chef, television personality and author Richard Blais. Hear from anyone and everyone in the culinary industry, including restaurateurs, television hosts, famous chefs, producers of your favorite cooking and competition shows and more. They'll join Blais for spontaneous, back-of-house conversation about what it takes to make it in different parts of the food business, global trends and where the industry overlaps with entertainment. Plus, play along with their games, trivia and other wacky moments.
The Bon Appétit Foodcast features interviews with chefs, writers, and well, anyone who has something cool to say about food. Episodes air every Wednesday.
From street food in Thailand to a bakery in a Syrian refugee camp to how one scientist uses state of the art pollen analysis to track the origins of honey (and also to solve cold murder cases), Christopher Kimball’s Milk Street Radio goes anywhere and everywhere to ask questions and get answers about home cooking, food, culture, wine, farming, restaurants, literature, and the lives and cultures of the people who grow, produce, and create the food we eat.
We obsess about food to learn more about people. The Sporkful isn't for foodies, it's for eaters. Hosted by Dan Pashman of Cooking Channel's You're Eating It Wrong and the book Eat More Better. A Stitcher Production.
Food with a side of science and history. Every other week, co-hosts Cynthia Graber and Nicola Twilley serve up a brand new episode exploring the hidden history and surprising science behind a different food- or farming-related topic, from aquaculture to ancient feasts, from cutlery to chile peppers, and from microbes to Malbec. We interview experts, visit labs, fields, and archaeological digs, and generally have lots of fun while discovering new ways to think about and understand the world through food. 



Find us online at gastropod.com, follow us on Twitter @gastropodcast, and like us on Facebook at facebook.com/gastropodcast.
Food intersects with our lives in more ways than we think. Food52's Burnt Toast podcast chases those stories to give listeners the perfect pieces of snackable dinner-party fodder—all inside of a commute's time. In each episode, host Michael Harlan Turkell explores a different aspect of food culture and community, highlighting the often-surprising past informing what we eat every day, and meeting some of the people shaping food's present and future.
Serious Eats' podcast Special Sauce enables food lovers everywhere to eavesdrop on an intimate conversation about food and life between host and Serious Eats founder Ed Levine and his well-known/famous friends and acquaintances both in and out of the food culture.
We're an audio cooking show. Cook along in real time and by the end of the episode, you'll have a dish made. Join our iconic guest in their kitchen with host and chef Cal Peternell as your guide!
Hi. I'm Alton Brown and on my podcast which, oddly enough is called The Alton Browncast, I spend time chatting with a wide array of fascinating folk from chefs to authors, scientists to makers and just about anyone in-between, most of which are way more famous than me. This is old-school conversation kids, free of the sales pitches, political agendas, slick production and painstaking research that sucks the life out of humble web projects like this.
Bite is a podcast for people who think hard about their food. Join acclaimed food and farming blogger Tom Philpott, Mother Jones editors Kiera Butler and Maddie Oatman, and a tantalizing guest list of writers, farmers, scientists, and chefs as they uncover the surprising stories behind what ends up on your plate. We'll help you digest the food news du jour, explore the politics and science of what you eat and why—and deliver plenty of tasty tidbits along the way.
Lisa Lillien (a.k.a. Hungry Girl) is a New York Times bestselling author and the creator of the Hungry Girl brand. She is the founder of hungry-girl.com (www.hungry-girl.com), the free daily email service that entertains and informs hungry people everywhere. A self-proclaimed "mad scientist" in the kitchen, Lisa dishes out healthy recipes (easy & delicious ones!), tips & tricks, supermarket finds, and survival guides for real-world eating situations. She considers herself a “foodologist,” not because she has some kind of fancy degree, but because she is obsessed with food –– how wonderful it is, and how much of it she can eat and still fit into her pants. Now, Lisa is taking her taste buds to the airwaves with her BRAND-NEW podcast... Hungry Girl: Chew The Right Thing!
A podcast for people who like wine but not the attitude that goes with it.  We talk about wine in a fun, straight-forward, normal way to get you excited about it and help you drink better, more interesting stuff. Back catalog available at http://winefornormalpeople.libsyn.com.
LivingHomegrown is all about Living Farm Fresh Without the Farm™. Through canning and preserving, artisan food crafting, edible gardening and small-space homesteading (including backyard chickens) you can enjoy the flavors of the season and live a more sustainable lifestyle no matter how small of a space you call home. Hosted by TV canning expert and national PBS TV producer, Theresa Loe, this weekly podcast continues the flavorful conversation happening at LivingHomegrown.com and the Canning Academy. Alternating between solo episodes and interviews with the rock stars of the DIY food movement, each episode helps you live closer to your food.
Gravy shares stories of the changing American South through the foods we eat. Gravy showcases a South that is constantly evolving, accommodating new immigrants, adopting new traditions, and lovingly maintaining old ones. It uses food as a means to explore all of that, to dig into lesser-known corners of the region, complicate stereotypes, document new dynamics, and give voice to the unsung folk who grow, cook, and serve our daily meals.
American Public Media's The Splendid Table is public radio's culinary, culture, and lifestyle program that celebrates food and its ability to touch the lives and feed the souls of everyone. Each week, award-winning host Francis Lam leads listeners on a journey of the senses and hosts discussions with a variety of writers and personalities who share their passion for the culinary delights. Updated every Friday.
Linda Pelaccio, a culinary historian, takes a weekly journey through the history of food on A Taste of the Past. Tune in for interviews with authors, scholars and culinary chroniclers who discuss food culture from ancient Mesopotamia and Rome to the grazing tables and deli counters of today. Each week Linda explores the lively link between food cultures of the present and past.
New York Times bestselling authors Michelle Tam and Henry Fong are best known for their fun, practical, and flavor-packed approach to the Paleo lifestyle. As the co-creators of the acclaimed Nom Nom Paleo blog, app, and cookbook, their work has been recognized by the Webby Awards, the Saveur Magazine Best Food Blog Awards, and the James Beard Foundation Awards. Each week, Michelle, Henry, and their two young boys also gather around their dining room table to host the Nom Nom Paleo Podcast. In each episode, they go behind the scenes at Nom Nom Paleo and dive into delicious recipes, examine food trends, and discuss their culinary (and non-culinary) adventures. They occasionally interview people and tell dumb jokes, too.
Dave Arnold, chef and inventor, answers listener questions on the latest innovative techniques, equipment, and ingredients in the food world. Each week on Cooking Issues, Dave solves your cooking dilemmas with his mile-a-minute stream of knowledge. Got a question on ike-jime, the Japanese fish killing technique? We got you covered. Hydrocolloids, sous-vide, liquid nitrogen? No problem. Have a question about pimping your oven to make great pizza? Give us a call. Occasionally Dave will invite special guest chefs, bartenders, authors and columnists to join the show.
Danielle K White, owner of DKW Styling and creator of Natural Beaded Rows (NBR) had a vision as a hair stylist to bring value and purpose to others through hair extensions, taking this industry to an even greater level with Lead Stylists Valerie Plunk and Anianne Rivera, merging their elite skills as Artists with the business aspect of being a Salon Owner with Danielle’s husband, Garrett J White, founder of Wake Up Warrior and co-owner of DKW Styling.
A weekly podcast that takes a deep dive into the minds of some of the most talented artists, educators, influencers, and leaders in the professional salon industry.  Hosted by Gordon Miller, Hairbrained.me ceo and self-proclaimed social media evangelist.
Fashion journalists Camille Charriere and Monica Ainley give you a unique, behind the scenes look at how the fashion industry operates.
Behind every bestselling beauty product, there's a damn good story. Two longtime magazine beauty editors, Jill Dunn and Carlene Higgins, chat about the breakthrough beauty products lining store shelves, and how they came to be. Each month, we talk to the industry’s most genius founders, and find out how they broke into the biz, with a little beauty idea that blew up into a million-dollar success story. Find out which products beauty editors and insiders really hoard, while hearing the struggles and successes behind the world's buzziest beauty brands. Plus, check out their mid-month episodes where they give hot takes on the latest launches and reviews!
All the excitement of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding, the new royal baby and a time of transition for the royal family, brought to you by Daily Mirror royal correspondent Victoria Murphy and host Ann Gripper.
A queer fashion podcast exploring the relationship between gender, presentation, sexuality, and our wardrobes. Hosted by Ellen Ford, featuring high profile guests like queer fashion designers, a fashion psychologist, and her dad.
Comedian and self-proclaimed "beauty passionista" Jackie Johnson loves being cute while living cruelty-free. Join her as she attempts to take the seriousness, mysteries, and intimidation out of makeup and skincare as she gabs with friends, artists, and indie entrepreneurs about what beauty and self-care means to them.
We're cosmetic scientists who answer your beauty questions. We explain what the chemicals used in cosmetics really do, how products are tested, and what all the advertising really means. Listen to us and you'll be a smarter beauty consumer!
Based on the lifestyle blog Velvetsedge.com. This podcast will answer lifestyle questions from beauty and fashion to travel and health.
Featuring interviews with interesting people from the life of one of Nashville's most prominent female tastemakers and tastefinders. 
Hosted by celebrity esthetician & industry expert Lori Crete, each Beauty Biz Show episode is designed to help you tap into your best success and leave you feeling inspired to build the beauty biz of your dreams! Featuring industry icons and gurus, revenue-driving tips and motivational messages, Lori and her guests inspire you to burst through stagnant industry norms to flourish in your profession and make a beautiful, abundant living doing what you love.
A finalist for American Spa Magazine’s 2017 Women in Wellness Mentor of the Year, Lori is a highly sought after industry expert and licensed celebrity esthetician. Owner of Southern California’s Spa 10, she is also the founder of The Beauty Biz Club™, a success-based society dedicated to helping beauty practitioners around the world fill their schedule, increase profits and break through to the 6-figure mark. For more about Lori & the Beauty Biz Club, visit https://beautybizclub.com.
On The Emma Guns Show, journalist and broadcaster Emma Gunavardhana gets deep and meaningful with experts from the health, wellness and beauty fields. In each episode you'll hear in-depth conversations with everyone from Pixiwoo's Sam and Nic, Michelle Visage, Gretchen Rubin, Iskra Lawrence and Elizabeth Hurley. It's a relaxed hour of chat that's not afraid to tackle complex topics such as mental health, depression and anxiety or unpick the failures, challenges and set-backs that ultimately steered guests towards success. Each show is designed to leave you feeling entertained, informed and inspired.
Your home says so much about you - where you’ve travelled, who you’ve met, and the kind of person you are. We’re Lily and Anna, lifestyle content creators. We’ve asked people we admire to open their front doors and talk about their lives, by taking a tour of their homes to discover who they really are. We’ve riffled through their wardrobes, nosed through their fridges and even scrolled through their Sky+ recordings, to shed some light on their fascinating lives. Join us At Home With…
The Style Success Podcast is a show hosted by Image & Wardrobe Consultant, Mallory Sills.  Helping women increase confidence, credibility and developing their own personal style is Mallory's mission.  Tune in to learn Mallory's unique insight on the style and beauty world as she shares her knowledge and passion. Come join the style success movement!
a podcast about everything that 'the mustards' aka jenny and david find interesting. minimalism, travel, love, food, health, interior design, movies, politics, fashion - and everything hygge of course !
Authors and bloggers Tom Fitzgerald and Lorenzo Marquez render judgment on all the latest goings-on in the worlds of celebrity, pop culture, television and fashion. Strap yourselves in for some hilarious opinionating on all the most pressing issues of our time, darlings.
Hosts Claire Mazur and Erica Cerulo, co-founders of the emerging design site Of a Kind, expand upon the theme of their highly popular “10 Things” newsletter to share their latest and greatest discoveries. Each episode drills down into the nitty-gritty of two to four finds—covering topics across food, beauty, technology, literature, you name it—and often features a guest who has insider intel to contribute.
Fashion Is Your Business is a weekly show about FASHIONTECH, the intersection of fashion business and fashion technology. The podcast is produced through MouthMedia Network. The hosts are entrepreneurial strategist Rob Sanchez, leading fashion technology consultant Pavan Bahl, and creative entrepreneur Marc Raco. Guests include the world's foremost fashion technology pioneers, discussing textiles to retail and everything in between, it covers business news from startups to conglomerates, and the show has a fun and accessible morning radio vibe.
On each episode of #LIPSTORIES influential female founders, creators and thought leaders take listeners through some of their most notable, inspiring, funny stories from their everyday lives—while they’re out traveling the world, crushing it at work, or even just hanging out with friends. Presented by Girlboss Radio in partnership with Sephora Collection.
The Hair Game is a series brought to you by Salon Republic and hosted by founder Eric Taylor, who, after 17 yrs in the hair game, has seen a lot of s#!@ go down. We'll go deep with the beauty industry's most interesting players, we'll educate and tell stories about the things you care about, we'll get into the business side of the game so you can earn more and keep more, and we'll go #BTS to show you how we do things at Salon Republic. Also check out the video content on salonrepublic.com/thehairgame .
AnxieTEA: Sex, Pop, Issues and Advice with two gays just as lost as you!

Host: Zara Barrie & Donny Meacham
Fresh Air from WHYY, the Peabody Award-winning weekday magazine of contemporary arts and issues, is one of public radio's most popular programs. Hosted by Terry Gross, the show features intimate conversations with today's biggest luminaries.
Since its launch in 1997, The Moth has presented thousands of true stories, told live and without notes, to standing-room-only crowds worldwide. Moth storytellers stand alone, under a spotlight, with only a microphone and a roomful of strangers. The storyteller and the audience embark on a high-wire act of shared experience which is both terrifying and exhilarating. Since 2008, The Moth podcast has featured many of our favorite stories told live on Moth stages around the country. For information on all of our programs and live events, visit themoth.org.
From our humble beginnings as a small chain of eclectic Southern California convenience stores, Trader Joe’s has grown to become a national chain of 475 (and counting) neighborhood grocery stores, employing more than 41,000 Crew Members.  How?  By being comfortable with being different. For the first time, our Captains (store managers) and Crew Members (employees) are taking you Inside Trader Joe’s in a new 5-part series.  
Go inside:
* A private Tasting Panel, where decisions are made about new Trader Joe’s products.
* A wine tasting tour to Napa Valley, California, looking for great wines and great values.
* An overseas adventure, where new Trader Joe’s flavors are discovered.
* The mind of Joe himself to find out why the Crew Members wear Hawaiian shirts.
* The values that make Trader Joe’s so different.

Are you a Trader Joe’s fan?  Want to know what keeps people coming back?  Go Inside Trader Joe’s. Thanks for listening.
Design is everywhere in our lives, perhaps most importantly in the places where we've just stopped noticing. 99% Invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture. From award winning producer Roman Mars. Learn more at 99percentinvisible.org.
A proud member of Radiotopia, from PRX. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Everything that is good in life is worth discussing. Lots of wine, whiskey, beer, and cigar talkin with a couple of good ol' boys.
Danielle K White, owner of DKW Styling and creator of Natural Beaded Rows (NBR) had a vision as a hair stylist to bring value and purpose to others through hair extensions, taking this industry to an even greater level with Lead Stylists Valerie Plunk and Anianne Rivera, merging their elite skills as Artists with the business aspect of being a Salon Owner with Danielle’s husband, Garrett J White, founder of Wake Up Warrior and co-owner of DKW Styling.
Jason Weiser tells stories from myths, legends, and folklore that have shaped cultures throughout history. Some, like the stories of Aladdin, King Arthur, and Hercules are stories you think you know, but with surprising origins. Others are stories you might not have heard, but really should. All the stories are sourced from world folklore, but retold for modern ears.

These are stories of wizards, knights, Vikings, dragons, princesses, and kings from the time when the world beyond the map was a dangerous and wonderful place.
A story of slaves, spies, armies, betrayals, assassinations, deserts and plagues set in set in a civilisation that might be from the distant past or the unknowable future. Each season is a continuous unfolding story.
Chewed Gum is an entertainment critic podcast. Hosted by The Clown & The Gentleman! We dissect entertainment while trying to be informative, and humorous. Come listen to us chew up entertainment!(@chewedgumpod) (chewedgumpod@gmail.com) Patreon.com/ChewedGum
The Black Tapes is a weekly podcast from the creators of Pacific Northwest Stories, and is hosted by Alex Reagan. The Black Tapes Podcast is a serialized docudrama about one journalist's search for truth, her subject's mysterious past, and the literal and figurative ghosts that haunt them both. Do you believe?
Snap Judgment (Storytelling, with a BEAT) mixes real stories with killer beats to produce cinematic, dramatic, kick-ass radio. Snap’s raw, musical brand of storytelling dares listeners to see the world through the eyes of another. 
WNYC studios is the producer of leading podcasts including Radiolab, Freakonomics Radio, Note To Self, Here’s The Thing With Alec Baldwin, and more.
Get an entertaining, behind-the-scenes look at the world of food with chef, television personality and author Richard Blais. Hear from anyone and everyone in the culinary industry, including restaurateurs, television hosts, famous chefs, producers of your favorite cooking and competition shows and more. They'll join Blais for spontaneous, back-of-house conversation about what it takes to make it in different parts of the food business, global trends and where the industry overlaps with entertainment. Plus, play along with their games, trivia and other wacky moments.
Ten years ago, over three hundred men, women and children disappeared from a small town in Tennessee, never to be heard from again.

In this podcast, American Public Radio reporter Lia Haddock asks the question once more,  "What happened to the people of Limetown?"

www.limetown.com
A truck driver searches across America for the wife she had long assumed was dead. In the course of her search, she will encounter not-quite-human serial murderers, towns literally lost in time, and a conspiracy that goes way beyond one missing woman.
The official Welcome to Night Vale recap show and your guide to the friendly desert community that has caught the ears of listeners around the globe. Hosted by cast members Meg Bashwiner, Symphony Sanders, and Hal Lublin, and featuring special guests and fan theories.
The world's top authors and critics join host Pamela Paul and editors at The New York Times Book Review to talk about the week's top books, what we're reading and what's going on in the literary world.
Linguistic adventures with Helen Zaltzman, TheAllusionist.org.



A proud member of Radiotopia from PRX. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Writer Zibby Owens, an NYC-based mom of four, talks to other writers about their work.
You’ve heard of haunted houses, haunted cemeteries, haunted islands...but do you know how a normal place can become a paranormal minefield? Every haunted place on earth has a frightening, real backstory. Greg (Co-Host of Serial Killers and Cults) takes you on an audio tour of a new haunted place, and it’s haunted history, every Thursday. Spooky legends, weird histories, and tales of the supernatural... Listen at your own risk. Haunted Places is a production of Cutler Media and part of the Parcast Network. New episodes released every Thursday.
You think you know the story…But do you really? Every other Saturday, Tales presents ancient fairy tales the way they were originally told: orally, and unadulterated. Tales is part of the Parcast Network and is a Cutler Media production.
Jason Weiser tells stories from myths, legends, and folklore that have shaped cultures throughout history. Some, like the stories of Aladdin, King Arthur, and Hercules are stories you think you know, but with surprising origins. Others are stories you might not have heard, but really should. All the stories are sourced from world folklore, but retold for modern ears.

These are stories of wizards, knights, Vikings, dragons, princesses, and kings from the time when the world beyond the map was a dangerous and wonderful place.
The world's top authors and critics join host Pamela Paul and editors at The New York Times Book Review to talk about the week's top books, what we're reading and what's going on in the literary world.
Linguistic adventures with Helen Zaltzman, TheAllusionist.org.



A proud member of Radiotopia from PRX. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Writer Zibby Owens, an NYC-based mom of four, talks to other writers about their work.
A monthly reading and conversation with the New Yorker fiction editor Deborah Treisman.
New Yorker fiction writers read their stories.
What Should I Read Next? is the show for every reader who has ever finished a book and faced the problem of not knowing what to read next. Each week, Anne Bogel, of the blog Modern Mrs Darcy, interviews a reader about the books they love, the books they hate, and the books they're reading now. Then, she makes recommendations about what to read next. The real purpose of the show is to help YOU find your next read.
Classic lit with a modern tone, every other week.

From the creators of Myths and Legends, comes an altogether same-but-different podcast set in the world of classic lit. These are the stories of Dracula, The Time Machine, The Three Musketeers. They're stories written by Jane Austen, Shakespeare, and H.P. Lovecraft, but with a casual, modern tone. Listen as Jason and Carissa Weiser breathe new life into the classics and tell the stories of some of the greatest books ever written.
A multiple story, horror-themed audio storytelling podcast, spun off from Chilling Tales for Dark Nights and its popular YouTube channel of the same name. The show features master storyteller Otis Jiry, and the work of dozens of independent and previously-published contributing authors. Find this and our other programs at: http://www.simplyscarypodcast.com
Build your vocabulary with Merriam-Webster's Word of the Day!  Each day a Merriam-Webster editor offers insight into a fascinating new word -- explaining its meaning, current use, and little-known details about its origin.
Every week, join award-winning narrator B.J. Harrison as he narrates the greatest stories the world has ever known. From the jungles of South America to the Mississippi Delta, from Victorian England to the sands of the Arabian desert, join us on a fantastic journey through the words of the world's greatest authors. Critically-acclaimed and highly recommended for anyone who loves a good story with plenty of substance.
Join Slate's critics for monthly discussions of new and important books. Read the book club selections and then listen in as our critics hold lively - and sometimes heated - debates about the works. Part of the Panoply Network.
These tales of supernatural suspense by Soren Narnia adhere to the most primal element of storytelling: a single human voice describing events exactly as it experienced them.

Music by Kevin MacLeod, incompetech.com. These stories are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License, meaning that anyone is free to adapt them as they see fit, even for profit, without the obligation to compensate the author.

Email: songofsadbirds@aol.com. Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/sorennarnia

Also by Soren Narnia: the podcast 'Those Snowy Nights You Read to Me, They'll Never Be Forgotten.'
Brandon Sanderson, Mary Robinette Kowal, Howard Tayler, and Daniel Wells discuss writing techniques in a fast-paced, 15-minute format.
MuggleCast is the most-listened to Harry Potter podcast online, and the only one to release on a regular and timely schedule. Pioneering the Harry Potter podcast phenomenon in August 2005, MuggleCast has continued to bring its listeners the most entertaining and thought-provoking discussions. With each new episode we discuss everything Harry Potter: the latest news, the Potter books, Fantastic Beasts, The Cursed Child, and more!
A multiple story, full-cast horror-themed audio storytelling podcast, spun off from Chilling Tales for Dark Nights and its popular YouTube channel of the same name. The show features a myriad of talented vocal performers and the work of dozens of independent and previously-published contributing authors. Find this and our other programs at: http://www.simplyscarypodcast.com
Welcome to Swish & Flick: An All Potter Podcast!

We will be dissecting all aspects of the Potter series, chapter by chapter, and be warned, there WILL be spoilers. We are rereading the series and putting together all our knowledge from the complete canon as well as adding in what we have learned from JK Rowling’s Pottermore writings, exploring unknown areas with fan theories, and even coming up with some theories and ideas of our own!
Two real weird sisters break down the Harry Potter series chapter by chapter and delve into special topics related to the Harry Potter universe.
Podcast episodes may contain spoilers from the entire  Harry Potter series.
Helping Writers Become Authors provides writers help in summoning inspiration, crafting solid characters, outlining and structuring novels, and polishing prose. Learn how to write a book and edit it into a story agents will buy and readers will love. (Music intro by Kevin MacLeod.)

Design is everywhere in our lives, perhaps most importantly in the places where we've just stopped noticing. 99% Invisible is a weekly exploration of the process and power of design and architecture. From award winning producer Roman Mars. Learn more at 99percentinvisible.org.
A proud member of Radiotopia, from PRX. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Deep (and not-so-deep) conversations about home improvement, design, and life at home. Tune in for weekly episodes filled with casual decorating advice, DIY stories, interviews with experts, and a smattering of tips and ideas that can help you simplify, organize, and update your home. Sherry and John Petersik are the married duo who began chronicling their home improvement adventures in 2007 on the blog Young House Love, which spawned two New York Times best-selling books, as well as product lines sold by Target and Home Depot. And, well, now they have a podcast.
Design Matters with Debbie Millman is one of the world’s very first podcasts. Broadcasting independently for over 13 years, the show is about how incredibly creative people design the arc of their lives.
Life journeys and down-to-earth conversations with women creative leaders and risk-takers – ordinary women who do extraordinary things because they embrace the unknown. Emphasis on women in innovative fields where science and art intersect, such as design, tech, and business.

Guests have landed in headlines at Forbes, TechCrunch, TED, Fast Company, GigaOm, The Wall Street Journal, O, The Oprah Magazine, Refinery29, CreativeMornings, and The Great Discontent.

Hosted by writer and women's leadership coach Majo Molfino (majomolfino.com), the show hopes to debunk the myth of “overnight success” and support women listeners in their own creative leadership. Come figure it out with us, as we fumble our way through the dark…

Key themes we’ll explore: women, leadership, creativity, creative leadership, creative confidence, confidence, inspiration, motivation, wisdom, self help, and spirituality.

Other shows Heroine recommends: Girl Boss, She Does, Women of The Hour, The Lively Show, Re/code Decode, After The Jump, Magic Lessons, Being Boss, Insights at the Edge, The Good Life Project, and Happier with Gretchin Rubin.
Creative Pep Talk helps you build a thriving creative career.

Andy J. Pizza is here to help you find your creative gift, develop it and connect it to the audience that needs it most.

Creative Pep Talk will put the pep in your step that you need to keep going and find your creative career breakthrough. Through talks filled with bizarre analogies and Fraggle Rock references, and interviews with top creative professionals, Dr. Pizza is ready to PEP YOU UP!
A gifted storyteller communicating the role and value of architecture to a new audience, host Bob Borson uses the experiences acquired over a 25-year career to inform his podcast. It responds to the public's curiosity and common misunderstanding about what architects do and how it is relevant to people's lives, engaging a wide demographic of people in a meaningful way without requiring an understanding of the jargon or knowledge of the history of the profession. With a creative mix of humor and practicality, Borson's stories are informative, engaging, and approachable, using first-person narratives and anecdotes that have introduced transparency into what it really means to be a practicing architect. To learn more about Bob, visit www.lifeofanarchitect.com
Your designers are here! Anita, Yvonne and Kelly sharing decorating tips and tricks.  Get our advice, secrets and have some laughs along the way.  Listen in, you’ll be inspired to create a beautiful home and LOL a lot!  Seriously great decorators having some serious fun. Join us!
UX Podcast is for those who are passionate about balancing business, technology and people within the realm of digital media. Moving the conversation beyond the traditional realm of User Experience. Hosted by Per Axbom & James Royal-Lawson every other Friday from Stockholm, Sweden.
If you are a graphic designer, web designer or a visual designer of any kind, this is the podcast for you. Each episode tackles a different graphic design related topic, from finding better clients to online portfolios to making sure you get paid. We also offer tips and tricks in our "Do Yourself a Favor" segment and advice when we answer a listener question. The Deeply Graphic Design-Cast is hosted by three successful, working designers with a wealth of real world experience to draw upon, so listen close! You're bound to learn something in each and every episode. Email listener questions to questions@thedeependdesign.com. Yours may be answered in a future episode!
The Design Better Podcast is from designbetter.co, where we want to make it easier for you to design great products. Visit us at www.designbetter.co. 

Designbetter is brought to you by InVision, the platform that helps you design better, faster, together.
Join us for exciting conversations about UI/UX design, SaaS products, marketing, and so much more. My awesome guests are industry experts who share actionable knowledge — so that you can apply it in your business today.
A thoughtful look at architecture and design in the modern age.
We want to teach you how to decorate! We'll help you unleash your inner decorator with interviews from interior designers, sharing the trials and triumphs from our own homes, and answering your burning decorating questions. Brought to you from the Ballard Designs team.
In today's world being a talented interior designer isn't enough to ensure that you have a profitable and successful business. Design school curricula doesn't always equip you with the business skills to have your interior design business be everything you imagined it would be! A Well-Designed Business® is here to fill in the gaps and give you real live business skills from some of the top interior designers. Your host, LuAnn Nigara shares her 35 years of success in the interior design industry, and she finds the most successful guests to share their interior design business best practices. This podcast is sponsored by Kravet Inc. featuring CuratedKravet.com. You can find them at http://curatedkravet.com.
Bringing clarity to how the best companies approach, communicate, and deploy design. We’ve hand-picked the design industry’s 25 greatest influencers and change-makers to bring you 1000min of deep-dive conversation.  Hosted by Bobby Ghoshal and Jared Erondu.
Style Matters is all about the substance behind developing a personal style in your home and surrounding yourself with beauty in a way that is meaningful.  We interview top stylists, designers, artisans and tastemakers both nationally and internationally about why style matters to them.  The guests we interview each week inspire us creatively, and give us insight into why the art of home making is so powerful.  To continue the conversation on why style matters, sign up for our monthly newsletter, packed with photos, stories, tips and resources, at www.littleyellowcouch.com
On Overtime, Dribbble's official podcast, we share in-depth interviews with your favorite designers. Twice a month we'll be speaking to Dribbblers about their process, the tools they use, and we'll get the stories behind their most popular shots. Overtime is hosted by Dan Cederholm, designer and Co-founder of Dribbble.
Homeowners and renters of all means dream of having a beautiful home.  Big Design, Small Budget makes luxury an affordable reality. During her podcast, Betsy Helmuth reveals insider tips and her tried-and-tested methods for designing on a budget.

Helmuth has shared her affordable design advice and step-by-step approaches with millions through live teaching workshops, her design book, guest columns, television appearances, and interviews.
 
Now, she is bringing her knowledge to the world of podcasting. The episodes reveal her design secrets and include topics ranging from creating a design budget, mapping out floor plans, selecting a color palette, accessorizing like a stylist, and much more.

It’s time to start living in the home of your dreams without maxing out your credit cards. Learn how with Big Design, Small Budget!
Meet the Creatives seeks to bridge the gap between entry-level creatives and top talent from companies like Google, Facebook, Nike, VaynerMedia, Airbnb, Twitter, Huge, Pentagram, Adobe and more. Meet the Creatives has over 200,000 downloads in over 65 countries. It has featured guests including Paula Scher, Debbie Millman, Malika Favre, Claude Silver, Seth Godin, Michael Beirut, Seymor Chwast and more! 

Learn more - www.MeettheCreatives.Design
Design Notes is a show about creative work and what it teaches us, hosted by Google’s Liam Spradlin. Each episode we’ll talk with people from unique creative fields to discover what inspires and unites us in our practice.
Since its launch in 1997, The Moth has presented thousands of true stories, told live and without notes, to standing-room-only crowds worldwide. Moth storytellers stand alone, under a spotlight, with only a microphone and a roomful of strangers. The storyteller and the audience embark on a high-wire act of shared experience which is both terrifying and exhilarating. Since 2008, The Moth podcast has featured many of our favorite stories told live on Moth stages around the country. For information on all of our programs and live events, visit themoth.org.
A story of slaves, spies, armies, betrayals, assassinations, deserts and plagues set in set in a civilisation that might be from the distant past or the unknowable future. Each season is a continuous unfolding story.
The Black Tapes is a weekly podcast from the creators of Pacific Northwest Stories, and is hosted by Alex Reagan. The Black Tapes Podcast is a serialized docudrama about one journalist's search for truth, her subject's mysterious past, and the literal and figurative ghosts that haunt them both. Do you believe?
Snap Judgment (Storytelling, with a BEAT) mixes real stories with killer beats to produce cinematic, dramatic, kick-ass radio. Snap’s raw, musical brand of storytelling dares listeners to see the world through the eyes of another. 
WNYC studios is the producer of leading podcasts including Radiolab, Freakonomics Radio, Note To Self, Here’s The Thing With Alec Baldwin, and more.
Ten years ago, over three hundred men, women and children disappeared from a small town in Tennessee, never to be heard from again.

In this podcast, American Public Radio reporter Lia Haddock asks the question once more,  "What happened to the people of Limetown?"

www.limetown.com
A truck driver searches across America for the wife she had long assumed was dead. In the course of her search, she will encounter not-quite-human serial murderers, towns literally lost in time, and a conspiracy that goes way beyond one missing woman.
The official Welcome to Night Vale recap show and your guide to the friendly desert community that has caught the ears of listeners around the globe. Hosted by cast members Meg Bashwiner, Symphony Sanders, and Hal Lublin, and featuring special guests and fan theories.
Start with episode 01. Dr. Bright provides therapy for the strange and unusual;  their sessions have been recorded for research purposes. Visit www.thebrightsessions.com for more information and additional content.
When Carly Parker’s friend Yumiko goes missing under very mysterious circumstances, Carly’s search for her friend leads her headfirst into a ancient mysterious game known only as Rabbits. Soon Carly begins to suspect that Rabbits is much more than just a game, and that the key to understanding Rabbits, might be the key to the survival of our species, and the Universe, as we know it.
From creator Jon Grilz, a collection of the most famous and disturbing creepypastas and urban legends in the world. 
Listener discretion is advised. 
Stories requests can be made on twitter @creepypod or via email at creepypod@gmail.com
THE TRUTH makes movies for your ears. They're short stories that are sometimes dark, sometimes funny, and always intriguing. Every story is different, but they all take you to unexpected places using only sound. If you're new, some good starting places are: Silvia's Blood, That's Democracy, Moon Graffiti, Tape Delay, or whatever's most recent. Listening with headphones is encouraged!

We're a proud member of Radiotopia from PRX.
Spooked features true-life supernatural stories, told firsthand by people who can barely believe it happened themselves. Be afraid. Created in the dark of night, by Snap Judgment and WNYC Studios. WNYC Studios is a listener-supported producer of other leading podcasts including Radiolab, Freakonomics Radio, Death, Sex & Money, On the Media, and many others.
Spellbinding short stories by established and emerging writers take on a new life when they are performed by stars of the stage and screen.
Experience Riverdance as never before as they go on a world tour from China to North America and back to their hometown in Dublin.
Hear from the dancers, choreographers and dance captains, the musicians and producers. Join the Riverdance team with exclusive behind-the-scenes access as well as the unique and the unexpected from the cast’s dancer diaries.
This is Riverdance the podcast.
Life's not easy for Doug Eiffel, the communications officer for the U.S.S. Hephaestus Research Station, currently on Day 448 of its orbit around red dwarf star Wolf 359. He's stuck on a scientific survey mission of indeterminate length, 7.8 light years from Earth. His only company on board the station are stern mission chief Minkowski, insane science officer Hilbert, and Hephaestus Station's sentient, often malfunctioning operating system Hera. He doesn't have much to do for his job other than monitoring static and intercepting the occasional decades-old radio broadcast from Earth, so he spends most of his time creating extensive audio logs about the ordinary, day-to-day happenings within the station. But the Hephaestus is an odd place, and life in extremely isolated, zero gravity conditions has a way of doing funny things to people's minds. Even the simplest of tasks can turn into a gargantuan struggle, and the most ordinary-seeming things have a way of turning into anything but that. Wolf 359 is a radio drama in the tradition of Golden Age of Radio shows. Take one part space-faring adventure, add one part character drama, and mix in one part absurdist sitcom, and you get Wolf 359. New episodes are released every two weeks.
From GE Podcast Theater and Panoply, the producers of The Message, comes a new thriller, LifeAfter. The 10 episode series follows Ross, a low level employee at the FBI, who spends his days conversing online with his wife Charlie – who died eight months ago. But the technology behind this digital resurrection leads Ross down a dangerous path that threatens his job, his own life, and maybe even the world. New episodes every Sunday.
Discover a wondrously surreal world of magic, music, and mystery. This immersive, cinematic audio spectacle follows the adventures of a lonely, stage-struck janitor who is drawn into the larger-than-life universe of the Orbiting Human Circus, a fantastical, wildly popular radio show broadcast from the top of the Eiffel Tower. WNYC Studios presents a special director’s cut of this joyous, moving break from reality. Starring John Cameron Mitchell, Julian Koster, Tim Robbins, Drew Callander, Susannah Flood, and featuring Mandy Patinkin and Charlie Day.
Season one of The Orbiting Human Circus (of the Air) is a co-presentation of WNYC Studios and Night Vale Presents.
Stories told through found audio from an alternate universe. Season two, “Museum Audio Tours,” tells its story in the guise of ten audio museum guides. Over the course of a decade of worldwide exhibitions, these walkthroughs unravel the complex story of a mysterious disappearance of an artist’s mentor. Narrated by Rima Te Wiata. Written by Jeffrey Cranor and Janina Matthewson. Original music by Mary Epworth.
In this in-depth interview show, Black takes listeners into the minds of some of today’s most fascinating celebrities and newsmakers to discuss the process of how they became, well, amazing.  Brought to you by PRX.
Hear what The New York Times calls "the future of musicals"... 36 Questions, a three-part podcast musical starring Jonathan Groff and Jessie Shelton.

36 Questions is produced by Two-Up, a new podcast studio, from the creators of Limetown.

Two-Up will explore the possibilities of audio storytelling. Two-Up isn’t beholden to any genre, theme, or even form.  We just want to tell great stories, in whatever way they are best told, and that’s it. That’s the studio.

Thank you for listening.
The Art of Photography is the premiere video podcast on iTunes about everything photography related. Episodes are released 3 times a week! Every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday you can check out the latest photography shows. Ted Forbes produces episodes on diverse topics such as techniques, composition, philosophy, craft, digital photography, film, darkroom techniques and more. If you are a photographer, this is the show for you. Past episodes and additional content can be found on our website: http://theartofphotography.tv
From listener-supported WNYC Studios and MoMA, A Piece of Work is everything you want to know about modern and contemporary art but were afraid to ask. Hosted by Broad City’s Abbi Jacobson, this 10-episode series explores everything from Pop art to performance in lively conversations with curators, artists, and Abbi’s friends, including Hannibal Buress, Tavi Gevinson, RuPaul, and Questlove. WNYC Studios is the producer of other leading podcasts including Freakonomics Radio, Death, Sex & Money, On the Media and many more.
Four fresh Masters drink wine and discuss all things visual culture. *Regular episodes: Discussion and critical analysis of art historical topics fueled by alcohol. *Art History Babe Briefs (Art History BBs) : quick, to the point art history facts minus the expletives. *Hot Takes: The Babes mix it up, chatting about topics outside the realm of art history & making connections to visual culture. For more, visit www.arthistorybabes.com
5 photographers (Brent Bergherm, Jeff Harmon, Connor Hibbs, Erica Kay, Brian McGuckin) take turns covering listener questions, photography news, and the famous photography "doodads" of the week with each round table discussion episode.  This is the podcast for enthusiast and professional photography nerds who want to level up and master their photography--without the fluff of a "talk show."  The team has a special skill for covering advanced level photography techniques in a way that less experienced photographers can understand.  They don't talk down to newer photographers yet provide tips that help advanced photographers.  Come join us as we all work to master our photography together!
Get your questions answered and learn to see, no matter if you shoot digital or on film, if you shoot mirrorless or with a DSLR. You use Nikon, Canon, Sony, Olympus, Pentax, Lightroom? Come in! Lean about exposure, composition, colors and the creative side of photography.
The PetaPixel Podcast is a twice-weekly podcast about the wonderful world of photography. It’s a fusion of news, opinions, humor, and real-world experience, bundled into a show that you can listen to on your way to work.

Subscribe today to stay up to date with what’s going on in the photo industry from one of the-most-listened-to photography podcasts.

Join thousands of photographers from around the world who enjoy host Sharky James' twice-weekly photo podcast where you'll have fun, improve your photography and solve those pesky problems you've been having. Leave voicemails, send in your questions and get answers!
Comic Geek Speak is the best podcast about comic books for fans and new readers alike. Put together by a group of life-long comic geeks, it's 4-5 hours a week of comic book history, current comic news, and a general look at the industry. In addition to all the latest in comics talk, the show also features creator interviews, listener responses, contests, and trivia, lots of trivia. So listen in and experience all the joys of a Wednesday afternoon at the comic shop, from the comfort of your own headphones.
Hosted by photography instructor/author Scott Wittenburg, this podcast is for anybody who wants to learn the secrets of taking better photographs digitally and traditionally. Tips on camera settings, lenses, lighting, composition, exposure, studio photography, difficult shooting situations, black and white film, darkroom techniques and alternative processes are among the topics to be covered. Subscribers are encouraged to submit questions to the host, who will address them in future podcasts.
Join us each week for a conversation with insightful and entertaining guests. From gear and technique to history, science and art, we discuss the topics most important to the contemporary photographer.
Chelsea and Tony Northrup's photography podcast, which digs deep into the history, science, and personalities of photography.
All about the art, science, and love of landscape photography
A photography podcast featuring conversations with the world's best established and emerging photographers.
ART FOR YOUR EAR brings you stories from some of my favorite contemporary artists. When I studied Art History, the best part was, well, the gossip. I loved finding out why artists did certain things, what was going on in their personal lives, and behind-the-scenes details about other artists they knew and worked with. This podcast is exactly that ... inside-scoop stories from the artsiest people I know. You'll hear first-hand from these talented, successful, full-time artists (who also happen to be regular people with hilarious stories) BEFORE they’re in the Art History books. - Danielle (aka The Jealous Curator)
A podcast that explores how art and its history shape our world today
The iFanboy.com Comic Book Podcast is a weekly talk show discussing the best in current comic books. Ron, Conor and Josh will share what they loved and hated about the week's comics. With a deep, sometimes scary knowledge of the depths and intricacies of pop culture and the geek lifestyle, the conversations can spin off in many directions. While comics, graphic novels and trade paperbacks are the center of the iFanboy universe, the discussion often covers the video games, movies and TV shows which will capture the fancy of your regular comic book reader. Fun, intelligent, witty and entertaining, the iFanboy crew are just as likely to agree as argue about what's good and what's bad in superhero comics, indie comics, humorous comics, and important graphic novels as well as the creators, writers and artists behind them.  We've even occasionally been in the same room as guys like Brian Michael Bendis, Darwyn Cooke, Kurt Busiek, Warren Ellis, Jim Lee, Joe Quesada, Steve Dillon, Kevin Smith, Stan Lee and others.  It was a big room, but we were in it. This podcast is so good, you don't even need to read comic books to enjoy it, but it's a lot better if you do.
LearnOutLoud.com presents the Art History Podcast. Each episode provides thoughtful analysis of the enduring artistic masterpieces that have become hallmarks of western culture.
Enrico Bertini and Moritz Stefaner discuss the latest developments in data analytics, visualization and related topics.
Savvy Painter is a weekly podcast for artists who mean business. 

Antrese Wood talks to experts in the field about the business of art and how it gets created. Want to know how leaders in the fine art world of plein-air and landscape painting got their start? What habits do top artists have in common?  Every week, we talk about representational painting, abstract art, alla prima painting, art competitions, art materials, watercolor, oil painting, how to get into an art gallery, how to succeed with your art business and so much more!
The Modern Maker Podcast is a weekly podcast about making things by hand. From wood, to concrete, to leather, our hosts Ben Uyeda, Chris Salomone, and Mike Montgomery chat about what it's like to be a "Maker" it's current state.
Jeff Harmon, passionate hobbyist photographer, works as an Information Security professional by day and loves to break down complicated and/or technical photography topics so that the newest of photographers can understand them. No topic is too simple or too complicated for the show. If he doesn’t know the answer then he brings on an expert to help him break it down. Get photography tips in the time it takes to eat a taco, or perhaps a burrito!
NPR's weekly current events quiz. Have a laugh and test your news knowledge while figuring out what's real and what we've made up.
Bill Burr rants about relationship advice, sports and the Illuminati.
The World's Most Dangerous Morning Show, The Breakfast Club, With DJ Envy, Angela Yee And Charlamagne Tha God!
Your favorite truth teller, comedian, Amanda Seales, is dropping gems with, “Small Doses,” a weekly podcast that brings you potent truths for everyday use.
In this podcast RuPaul and his cohost Michelle Visage discuss pop culture, advice, beauty advice and behind the scenes of their hit show, RuPaul’s Drag Race.
Listen to The Grindhouse Radio weekly for a no holds barred, madhouse of mythological pop culture proportions with hosts Brimstone, Kim Adragna, Zambo and the rest of the GHR Crew.
Comedy Psychic: I'm funny and psychic both.
Listen to highlights and extended interviews in the "Ears Edition" of The Daily Show with Trevor Noah. From Comedy Central’s Podcast Network.
Twice-monthly community updates for the small desert town of Night Vale, where every conspiracy theory is true. Turn on your radio and hide. Never listened before? It's an ongoing radio show. Start with the current episode, and you'll catch on in no time. Or, go right to Episode 1 if you wanna binge-listen.
Join Rhett and Link, hosts of the popular daily YouTube show Good Mythical Morning and authors of the New York Times bestseller “Book of Mythicality” in a candid weekly conversation for your Internetainment.
Welcome to the Jenna & Julien Podcast where we talk about all the things. If you are looking for your everyday, normal, by the book podcast, then you're in the wrong place. We created this because we tend to have awesome, random, and sometimes drunk conversations that we realized had to be shared with the lovely internet world. So here we are. 

We also like to ustream during the podcast to get some live interaction and also quick on-the-spot input on our chats--you can participate here: http://www.ustream.tv/channel/jsolo123

Subscribe to this channel for new podcasts EVERY MONDAY

iTunes: http://itunes.com/jennajulienpodcast

SoundCloud: http://soundcloud.com/JennaJulienPodcast

You can follow us on all the things:
Instagram: http://instagram.com/jennajulienpod
Twitter: https://twitter.com/jennajulienpod
YouTube: http://youtube.com/JennaJulienPodcast

Jenna: 
IG: http://instagram.com/jennamarbles
TW: https://twitter.com/Jenna_Marbles
YT: https://www.youtube.com/user/JennaMar...

Julien:
IG: http://instagram.com/juliensolomita
TW: https://twitter.com/JulienSolomita
YT: https://www.youtube.com/user/TheFight...
Category
Finish the work week in all-out hysterics with short stories written and read by Thaddeus Ellenburg. Released twice-monthly on Fridays.
Justin, Travis and Griffin McElroy from My Brother, My Brother and Me have recruited their dad Clint for a campaign of high adventure. Join the McElroys as they find their fortune and slay an unconscionable number of ... you know, kobolds or whatever in ... The Adventure Zone.
Comedians Dave Anthony and Gareth Reynolds picks a subject from history and examine it.
Want TED Talks on the go? Every weekday, this feed brings you our latest talks in audio format. Hear thought-provoking ideas on every subject imaginable -- from Artificial Intelligence to Zoology, and everything in between -- given by the world's leading thinkers and doers. This collection of talks, given at TED and TEDx conferences around the globe, is also available in video format.
Inspiring Stories to Help Motivate, Build, & Grow Your Successful Business...

Millionaire Interviews is actionable advice for the (future & present) Entrepreneur, Solopreneur, and Small Business Owner.  The host interviews Business Founders in the Product, Service, Real Estate, and Tech industries so they can teach you from their experience.  Guests have been featured on Forbes, Shark Tank, Fox Business, CNBC, & Time Magazine.

Each episode details the journey of our guest who shares their life experiences, business lessons learned, how they turned their ideas into success, and much more.

Inspired by: Tim Ferriss, Dave Ramsey, Garyvee, Tony Robbins, Mark Cuban, Lewis Howes, Jocko, Pat Flynn, Neil Patel, NPR, Joe Rogan, Y Combinator, Passive Income, Real Estate, B2B, B2C, & Business Startups...

Connect with other Listeners @ fb.com/millionaire-interviews.  Connect with the Show via email: austin@millionaire-interviews.com or voicemail: +1 (305) 985-3469.
This podcast is a collection of interviews & lectures, some of which are recorded specifically for this podcast, and some that are from his university courses, public lectures, documentary interviews, and YouTube videos from his channel: Jordan Peterson Videos (https://www.youtube.com/user/JordanPetersonVideos). The podcast offers discussion and information concerning a variety of complex ideas: How moral & pragmatic values regulate emotion and motivation; Psychometric models such as the Big Five; The significance of hero mythology; The meaning of music, and the structure of the world as represented through religion and spiritual belief.
True stories for English speakers learning Spanish. From the makers of Duolingo, the most popular language-learning app, comes a new podcast that delivers fascinating real-life stories  in easy-to-understand Spanish with English narration. These are not language lessons; they’re life lessons through language. Hosted by Martina Castro, co-founder of NPR’s Radio Ambulante.
“Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one?” Tony Robbins, the #1 Life and Business Strategist, has helped over 50 million people from 100 countries create real and lasting change in their lives. In this podcast, he shares proven strategies and tactics so you, too, can achieve massive results in your business, relationships, health and finances. In addition to excerpts from his signature events and other exclusive, never-before-released audio content, Tony and his team also conduct deeply insightful interviews with the most prominent masterminds and experts on the global stage.
Learn Spanish in coffee-break lessons from the Radio Lingua Network. In each lesson we'll focus on the language you need to know and before long you'll be making yourself understood with native Spanish speakers. Season 1 lessons are for absolute beginners, and the courses increase in difficulty as the seasons progress.
Welcome to The Next 90 Podcast. Join us as host and serial Entrepreneur, Nick Long,  gives you the tools and resources to start living a life on fire by living it with INTENTION 90 days at a time. Each episode Nick will bring you stories from his own life as well different men and women who have taken what we call the “challenged based living lifestyle” This is a proven science for getting exactly what you want out of life!  The focus will be on the core 4; Body, Being, Balance and Business. Learning the 4 pillars of your life will bring you into a better understanding of how you can start enjoying your journey to a “Have it all lifestyle.”All it takes is a decision and following the plan of living life 90 days at a time.  ARE YOU READY TO JOIN THE NEXT 90 NATION? Subscribe Today
The Art of Charm is where self-motivated people, just like you, come to learn from the company’s coaches about to how to master human dynamics, relationships, and becoming your best self with the help of Johnny and AJ, the company’s founders.
Johnny and AJ bring their 11 years of coaching experience from their famous Bootcamps, where they host clients in Los Angeles from all over the world and they share their stories, best practices and themselves on this weekly podcast.
Not only does The Art of Charm help everyday people, including active members of the military, learn how to become higher performers, better spouses, partners, and coworkers, they dig deep into human behavior, the science behind it, and demystify what we do and why we do it.
Learn French in coffee-break lessons from the Radio Lingua Network. In each lesson we'll focus on the language you need to know and before long you'll be making yourself understood with native French speakers. Season 1 lessons are for absolute beginners, and the courses increase in difficulty as the seasons progress.
Every week on the Dreamer Comics Podcast, Omar Spahi interviews a different comic book creator every week to teach you how to make your own comics from start to finish. We dive deep into what to do to get your comic book created, published and sold to fans.
Kwik Brain is a fun, fast-paced show designed to help busy people learn and achieve anything in a fraction of the time! Your coach, Jim Kwik (his real name), is the brain & memory trainer to elite mental performers, including many of the world’s leading CEO’s and celebrities. In this easy to digest bite-sized podcast, you will discover Kwik’s favorite shortcuts to read faster, remember more, and ‘supercharge’ your greatest wealth-building asset: your brain. Whether you’re a student, senior, entrepreneur or educator, you will get the edge with these simple actionable tools to sharpen your mind, enhance your focus, and fast-track your fullest potential. Get show notes, Jim’s latest brain-training, and submit your questions in our private community (free) at: www.KwikBrain.com

Jim Kwik is the founder of KwikLearning.com, a widely recognized world leader in speed-reading, memory improvement, brain performance, and accelerated learning with students in over 150 countries.

After a childhood brain injury left him learning-challenged, Kwik created strategies to dramatically enhance his mental performance. He has since dedicated his life to helping others unleash their true genius and brainpower to learn anything faster and live a life of greater power, productivity, and purpose.
Impact Theory is a business and mindset-focused interview show that will teach anyone aspiring to greatness the secrets to success. The show is hosted by Tom Bilyeu - a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of the #2 Inc. 500 company Quest Nutrition and former host of the viral hit Youtube series Inside Quest (viewed over 100,000,000 times). Bilyeu is known for his passion and preparation. Always eager to truly learn from his guests, Bilyeu digs deep and brings the urgency of someone hungry to put what he’s learning to immediate use - making the show not only entertaining and energetic, but also hyper-useful.
This podcast is about learning to speak Spanish in every day practical situations. There are pauses for you to repeat what you hear and the more difficult words and phrases are broken down for correct pronunciation and grammar. There are songs, games and other activities to make your learning enjoyable and help you retain what you have learned. We are the first podcast using this style of teaching, and with a state certified professional Spanish teacher, you know you're in good hands.  So subscribe today and get started with your learning.
WINNER OF BEST EDUCATION PODCAST IN THE 2017 PODCAST AWARDS. Grammar Girl provides short, friendly tips to improve your writing. Whether English is your first language or your second language, these grammar, punctuation, style, and business tips will make you a better and more successful writer. Grammar Girl is a Quick and Dirty Tips podcast. Find the full, ad-free archive of Grammar Girl, as well as exclusive bonus episodes, only on Stitcher Premium. Use code GRAMMAR for one free month at stitcherpremium.com/grammar
This podcast is designed to help you develop an excellent attitude, enhance your self-esteem, develop your creative genius, set and achieve goals, harness your mind's power, and explain the elements of personal growth. In addition, this podcast dissects, observes, and gives pratical guidance to the critical success factors such as writing skills, public speaking skills, effective communication skills, and fostering excellent relationships. This is the Secret of Success, by Antonio T. Smith, Jr., and it is a daily podcast designed to be your breakthrough.
TED is a nonprofit devoted to ideas worth spreading. On this video feed, you'll find TED Talks to inspire, intrigue and stir the imagination from some of the world's leading thinkers and doers, speaking from the stage at TED conferences, TEDx events and partner events around the world. This podcast is also available in high-def video and audio-only formats.
A fairy tale podcast about the extraordinary women who inspire us. This show is based on Good Night Stories for Rebel Girls, the global best-selling book series written by Elena Favilli and Francesca Cavallo, inspiring millions of girls and women around the world to dream bigger, aim higher and fight harder.
Jen Hemphill, Motivational Money Coach goes on a money journey each week with you helping you make your money simple and easy to master.  She brings to you practical and simple money insights and showcases women like you to share their real life stories.  Grab the Jumpstart Your Budget Mini-Guide that gives you a simple place to start and finally limit the overwhelm you experience with your finances at www.jenhemphill.com.
Join Jordan Harbinger (critically-acclaimed host, formerly of The Art of Charm) as we get deep into the untapped wisdom of the world’s top performers -- from intelligence operatives to legendary musicians, iconoclastic writers to visionary changemakers. We deconstruct the playbooks of the most successful people on earth -- and learn new strategies, perspectives and insights you can’t find anywhere else.  Then, take these practical insights into your own life and live what you listen.
A weekly dose of just the right medicine to help you get out of debt, save more money, and beat the paycheck to paycheck cycle.
Learn Spanish in coffee-break lessons from the Radio Lingua Network. In each lesson we'll focus on the language you need to know and before long you'll be making yourself understood with native Spanish speakers. Season 1 lessons are for absolute beginners, and the courses increase in difficulty as the seasons progress.
Learn French in coffee-break lessons from the Radio Lingua Network. In each lesson we'll focus on the language you need to know and before long you'll be making yourself understood with native French speakers. Season 1 lessons are for absolute beginners, and the courses increase in difficulty as the seasons progress.
What we don’t know about American slavery hurts us all. From Teaching Tolerance and host Hasan Jeffries, Teaching Hard History brings us the lessons we should have learned in school through the voices of leading scholars and educators. It’s good advice for teachers, good information for everybody.
Teaching strategies, classroom management, education reform, educational technology -- if it has something to do with teaching, we're talking about it.  Jennifer Gonzalez interviews educators, students, administrators and parents about the psychological and social dynamics of school, trade secrets, and other juicy things you'll never learn in a textbook. For more fantastic resources for teachers, visit http://www.cultofpedagogy.com.
Inspirational Elementary School teacher Joe Dombrowski, aka Mr.D, interviews interesting people about their interesting lives. Often getting guests views on education and its place in today’s world. We hear a lot about having a work/life balance. Well that’s exactly what this is. A healthy dose of work and life in a very balanced fashion.
Truth for Teachers is designed to speak life, encouragement, and truth into the minds and hearts of educators and get you energized for the week ahead.
Learn Italian with Mark, Francesca and Katie in regular lesson from the Radio Lingua Network. In each lesson we'll focus on the language you need to know and before long you'll be making yourself understood with native Italian speakers.
Seth Andrews, a former Christian broadcaster and believer for 30 years, ultimately escaped the bonds of superstitious thinking to embrace the more satisfying explanations that science provides.  

A professional video producer and host of one of the most popular atheist communities on the internet, Seth Andrews brings a polished format, a relaxed environment and a rage-free challenge to the religious beliefs that defined his youth.
The Google Teacher Tribe Podcast is a weekly podcast designed to give K-12 educators practical ideas for using G Suite and other Google tools hosted by Matt Miller (Ditch That Textbook) and Kasey Bell (Shakeup Learning).
Challenging the status quo to best serve the needs of 21st century students.
Learn German with Thomas and Mark; pick up cultural tips from Cultural Correspondent Julia, and get to grips with the patterns of the language with our Grammar Guru Kirsten.
The MindShift podcast explores the innovations in education that are shaping how kids learn. Hosts Ki Sung and Katrina Schwartz introduce listeners to educators, researchers, parents and students who are developing effective ways to improve how kids learn.



We cover topics like how fed-up administrators are developing surprising tactics to deal with classroom disruptions; how listening to podcasts are helping kids develop reading skills; the consequences of overparenting; and why interdisciplinary learning can engage students on all ends of the traditional achievement spectrum.



This podcast is part of the MindShift education site, a division of KQED News. KQED is an NPR/PBS member station based in San Francisco.



You can also visit the MindShift website for episodes and supplemental blog posts or tweet us @MindShiftKQED or visit us at MindShift.KQED.org.
The 10 Minute Teacher show is a 5-day a week Podcast where Vicki Davis @coolcatteacher chats with today’s most amazing educators, thought leaders, and classroom teachers. 10MT was created for YOU - remarkable teachers and educators who are very busy but want to have the best classroom possible. If you’re looking for PRACTICAL advice to listen to during your commute, break, or even as you’re doing a quick 10-minute classroom task, Vicki Davis and her guests are here to HELP. Check out our daily themes: Motivation Mondays, Tech Tool Tuesdays, Wildcard Wednesdays, Thought Leader Thursdays, and 5 Idea Fridays. Each show focuses on ideas you can use in your classroom TODAY. The most transformational thing in the classroom is the YOU. Invest in your knowledge as a teacher. BE REMARKABLE.
New homeschool content from top homeschool bloggers streaming straight to your earbuds every Friday. Includes blog posts from Pam Barnhill, Sarah Mackenzie, Brandy Vencel, Mystie Winckler and more.
Join us as we delve into the principles and practices of homeschool Morning Time aka Morning Basket or Circle Time. With both experts in their fields and mentor-moms, we will discuss everything from how to choose the right books for a wide age range, to how to memorize a poem, to how to get the kids to sit still. All your burning Morning Time questions answered right here -- every other Tuesday.
Talks with Teachers brings you the stories and inspiration behind America's great English educators. Each episode features a master ELA/Literacy/English teacher sharing what worked, what didn't and the wisdom gained from their years of classroom experience. Intended to boost morale and help teachers find joy and purpose, Talks with Teachers is a great resource for K-12 English, Literacy, and ELA teachers
Featuring award-winning author and speaker, Cindy Rollins, this beloved podcast is all Charlotte Mason all the time. Join Cindy and host David Kern as they (and their guest) discuss topics like narration, nature study, morning time, and more. 

The Mason Jar is a production of the CiRCE Institute. Learn more at circeinstitute.com.
Classical Conversations supports homeschooling parents by cultivating the love of learning through a Christian worldview in fellowship with other families. We believe there are three keys to a great education: classical, Christian, and Community.
Carrie Clark, a speech-language pathologist from Columbia, Missouri, offers resources, information, and activities for speech therapists and parents of children with speech and language development and delays.  While Carrie's materials will provide great information for speech therapists, they will also empower families to use fun and easy activities to improve their child's speech and language skills at home.  Activities and information cover a range of ages, ability levels, and disabilities.  Topics covered include: articulation, apraxia, phonology, language, late talkers, alternative/augmentative communication (AAC), autism, stuttering, reading, social skills, down syndrome, following directions, answering questions, grammar, etc.  Educators and other professionals will also love this easy-to-follow information and the step-by-step guides.
Everyday Art Room, with Cassie Stephens, is a look into the world of elementary art, offering advice, stories, and ideas to improve your teaching.
Inspiring Stories to Help Motivate, Build, & Grow Your Successful Business...

Millionaire Interviews is actionable advice for the (future & present) Entrepreneur, Solopreneur, and Small Business Owner.  The host interviews Business Founders in the Product, Service, Real Estate, and Tech industries so they can teach you from their experience.  Guests have been featured on Forbes, Shark Tank, Fox Business, CNBC, & Time Magazine.

Each episode details the journey of our guest who shares their life experiences, business lessons learned, how they turned their ideas into success, and much more.

Inspired by: Tim Ferriss, Dave Ramsey, Garyvee, Tony Robbins, Mark Cuban, Lewis Howes, Jocko, Pat Flynn, Neil Patel, NPR, Joe Rogan, Y Combinator, Passive Income, Real Estate, B2B, B2C, & Business Startups...

Connect with other Listeners @ fb.com/millionaire-interviews.  Connect with the Show via email: austin@millionaire-interviews.com or voicemail: +1 (305) 985-3469.
This podcast is a collection of interviews & lectures, some of which are recorded specifically for this podcast, and some that are from his university courses, public lectures, documentary interviews, and YouTube videos from his channel: Jordan Peterson Videos (https://www.youtube.com/user/JordanPetersonVideos). The podcast offers discussion and information concerning a variety of complex ideas: How moral & pragmatic values regulate emotion and motivation; Psychometric models such as the Big Five; The significance of hero mythology; The meaning of music, and the structure of the world as represented through religion and spiritual belief.
I read you the best content on relationships, including dating, marriage, parenting, and more, with author permission. Think of Optimal Relationships Daily as an audioblog or blogcast. :)

Optimal Relationships Daily is a podcast created for those looking to improve their life one step at a time: lifelong learners, life hackers, and life optimizers. Joc Marie brings you the best content from blogs and other resources and reads it to you, so that you don't have to waste your time finding and reading blogs yourself--listen during your commute, workout, regular routines, or during your down time 7 days a week and improve your life one step at a time. Each episode brings you a reading from a popular blog post or resource--practical and actionable information that has been proven to be worthy of large audiences.

Current sites and authors include:
ZenHabits.net - Leo Babauta
MarcAndAngel.com - Marc & Angel Chernoff
MarkManson.net - Mark Manson
StevePavlina.com - Steve Pavlina
FamilyOptimized.com
GoodLifeZen.com - Mary Jaksch

and more being added!
Subscribe now--your optimal life awaits!

*Optimal Relationships Daily has received permission from the original authors to read content on this show.
EconTalk is an award-winning weekly talk show about economics in daily life. Featured guests include renowned economics professors, Nobel Prize winners, and exciting speakers on all kinds of topical matters related to economic thought.  Topics include health care, business cycles, economic growth, free trade, education, finance, politics, sports, book reviews, parenting, and the curiosities of everyday decision-making. Russ Roberts, of the Library of Economics and Liberty (econlib.org) and the Hoover Institution, draws you in with lively guests and creative repartee.  Look for related readings and the complete archive of previous shows at EconTalk.org, where you can also comment on the podcasts and ask questions.
Welcome to the Millionaire Success Habits Podcast!

This show is for those out there who are looking to achieve their highest potential on a massive scale. It is for people who are ready to take their life to the next level and learn success, business & life strategies to get you there!

With each episode, Dean will share his weekly breakthroughs, his top secrets strategies and ideas that can help you skyrocket your fulfillment and achievement on a daily basis!

This is his success...boiled down into a recipe for your ears.

Follow Along With Over 1,000,000 Fans On Facebook: deangraziosipage
Follow Dean On Instagram: @deangraziosi
PragerU is one of the world's leading producers of conservative online video content. We present the ideas that led to the creation and development of the freest and most prosperous nation in history – The United States of America. We do this through five-minute, entertaining, educational video courses with professors, authors, comedians and some of the world's sharpest minds. Listen to our podcasts for the audio versions of our weekly videos. Go to www.PragerU.com to watch the videos.
Each week, experienced entrepreneurs and innovators come to Stanford University to candidly share lessons they’ve learned while developing, launching and scaling disruptive ideas. The Entrepreneurial Thought Leaders Series is produced by Stanford eCorner during fall, winter and spring quarters. ETL is supported by the venture capital firm DFJ.
Thomas Frank and Martin Boehme from College Info Geek dive into the strategies and tactics that the best students use to be awesome at college. Learn how to study better, hack your habits to learn more in less time and be more productive, build a personal brand that will make you insanely attractive to the companies you actually want to work for, and get tips to pay off your student debt fast and start making money. Whether you know your university like the back or your hand, or you can't even find your classes, this podcast will help you become an awesome student.
Peter Adamson, Professor of Philosophy at the LMU in Munich and at King's College London, takes listeners through the history of philosophy, "without any gaps." The series looks at the ideas, lives and historical context of the major philosophers as well as the lesser-known figures of the tradition. www.historyofphilosophy.net
The London School of Economics and Political Science public events podcast series is a platform for thought, ideas and lively debate where you can hear from some of the world's leading thinkers. Listen to more than 200 new episodes every year.
VETgirl Veterinary Continuing Education Podcasts.  With VETgirl, you can learn clinical veterinary medicine with style, passion, and efficiency! VETgirl is designed for veterinary professionals who have time poverty and are on the run. Who has time to read journals or sit through hours of lectures? Download the podcasts you want to listen to, and get clinical tips within just a few minutes of listening! We'll help get you the facts you need in a convenient way! Want more information? Go to JoinVETgirl.com.
The key to learning Korean is how easy it is to stay motivated to learn the language. At TalkToMeInKorean.com, we provide free lessons, fun video shows, and a store section that will meet all your Korean learning needs.
These lectures were given to support my Introduction to Abnormal Psychology course at Portland Community College in Portland, Oregon, USA. They are "enhanced" podcasts, which includes my lecture slides, so be sure to open the "artwork & video viewer" in iTunes!
This is a biology review for those studying the MCAT, it is fairly comprehensive of mcat material and covers cells, cell processes, embryonic development, immune system, digestive tract, nervous system, endocrine system, gonads, pulmonary system, cardiovascular system, kidney, excretion and more.
Part organizational design. Part therapy. Organizational psychologist and Stanford Professor Bob Sutton is back to tackle friction, the phenomenon that frustrates employees, fatigues teams and causes organizations to flounder and fail. Loaded with raw stories of time pressure, courage under ridiculous odds and emotional processing, FRICTION distills research insights and practical tactics to improve the way we work. Listen up as we take you into the friction and velocity of producing made-for-TV movies, scaling up design thinking, leading through crisis and more. Guests include Harvard Business School historian Nancy Koehn, Eric Ries of Lean Startup fame, and restaurateurs Craig and Annie Stoll; as well as academic leaders from Stanford University and beyond. FRICTION is a Stanford eCorner original series.
The Archetypal Tarot Podcast explores the universal archetypal patterns of the Tarot uncovering provocative mythology for the 21st century. We often feature  conversations with teachers, authors and creators about how the mythic tarot can be applied to modern life.
The Psych Files is a podcast for anyone who wonders why we do what we do. Experienced educator Michael Britt, Ph.D., in an upbeat and friendly style, shows you how ideas from the field of psychology apply to everyday life. If you’re a life-long learner, a student or a teacher, you’ll find his 20-30 minute episodes enjoyable and educational. Over 14 million episodes have been downloaded to date with over 100,000 people listening every month. See what all the talk is about!
Are you confident you can reason clearly? Are you able to convince others of your point of view? Are you able to give plausible reasons for believing what you believe? Do you sometimes read arguments in the newspapers, hear them on the television, or in the pub and wish you knew how to confidently evaluate them?

In this six-part course, you will learn all about arguments, how to identify them, how to evaluate them, and how not to mistake bad arguments for good. Such skills are invaluable if you are concerned about the truth of your beliefs, and the cogency of your arguments.
The Law School Toolbox podcast is an engaging show for law students about law school, the bar exam, legal careers, and life. Each week, we offer practical tips and advice on academic matters, careers, and more. The Law School Toolbox podcast is hosted by opinionated law school and bar exam experts Alison Monahan and Lee Burgess. You might not always agree with us, but we guarantee you won’t be bored listening! Our goal is to impart useful, actionable advice in an entertaining manner. Join us! And, if you have an opinion on the show, please drop by and offer a review. We’re here to help, and we’d love to hear from you!
Philosophy has been studied for thousands of years. It involves the use of reason and argument to search for the truth about reality - about the nature of things, ethics, aesthetics, language, the mind, God and everything else. This series of five introductory lectures, aimed at students new to philosophy, presented by Marianne Talbot, Department for Continuing Education, University of Oxford, will test you on some famous thought experiments and introduce you to some central philosophical issues and to the thoughts of some key philosophers.
What should future schools look like? How do brains learn? Some of the world's greatest educators, researchers, and community leaders share their stories and visions onstage at the TED conference, TEDx events and partner events around the world. You can also download these and many other videos free on TED.com, with an interactive English transcript and subtitles in up to 80 languages. TED is a nonprofit devoted to Ideas Worth Spreading.
CGP Grey and Brady Haran talk about YouTube, life, work, whatever.
House of #EdTech shares stories from teachers and creators about education technology, recommends the valuable tools, tips, and resources to integrate technology into your classroom and instruction and explores how technology is changing the way teachers teach along with the impact that technology is having in education.

Welcome to The Urban Farm Podcast, your partner in the Grow Your Own Food revolution! This 3-day per week audio only podcast features special guests like Jason Mraz, Lisa Steele, and Kari Spencer as we discuss the art and value of growing food in urban areas. We'll explore topics such as urban beekeeping and chicken farming, permaculture, successful composting, monetizing your farm, and much more! Each episode will bring you tips and tricks on how to overcome common challenges, opportunities to learn from the experience of people just like you, and plenty of resources to ensure you're informed, equipped, and empowered to participate more mindfully in your local food system... and to have a great time doing it!

Fire Engineering Magazine's been devoted to the training interests of firefighters since 1877.  Now we're on the airwaves.
Shukes and Giff The Podcast is a weekly podcast by Canadian educators Kim Pollishuke (@KimPollishuke) and Jen Giffen (@VirtualGiff). The podcast aims to share EdTech treasures with the audience in hopes of creating an AHA moment and encouraging listeners to take those AHAs and give it a go.

http://bit.ly/shukesandgiff
#ShukesAndGiff
Each month LearnOutLoud.com releases a free classic audiobook. Sections of this title are made available here on the Free Audiobook of the Month Podcast. All audiobooks can be downloaded in their entirety at LearnOutloud.com. Please visit LearnOutLoud for more inspirational and educational audio.
Thanks for Listening to the Welding Tips and Tricks Podcast!  We wanted to bring you another way of experiencing Welding Tips and Trick by being able to listen to Weldor's talking about Welding while your at work Welding!
Moving at the Speed of Creativity podcasts focus on education, twenty-first century literacy, blended learning, technology integration, and educational leadership.
Teachers, we need to talk. We want to have honest conversations about teachers, teaching, and everything in between.
Socrates said that talking about virtue and the good life is one of the most important things a human being can do. That's where "Ethics-Talk" fits in.  Housed in the Department of Philosophy and Religion at Central Michigan University (CMU), The Center for Professional and Personal Ethics brings you discussions about ethical issues, both pure and applied. For us at EthicsTalk -- "ethics" is broad and encompasses things that affect a human being's flourishing.  To that end, students working with the Center discuss ethics-related topics such as academic integrity, intrinsic motivation, procrastination, and cultivating self-regulation and other powerful habits. Additionally, we discuss study and motivational strategies related to intimidating endeavors such as studying for the bar exam. We are also very interested in how technology can either promote or hinder flourishing and discuss "media ecology" issues including the thought of Walter Ong and the concept of "digital virtue". In addition to our student produced show, scholars, authors and practitioners (such as Michael Strong, Anya Kamenetz, Lindsay Hyde, Thomas Farrell and Dr. Jeffrey Wigand) discuss ethics related issues with the Center's Director. To learn more about the Center, visit us at http://ethics.cmich.edu and follow us on twitter at: http://www.twitter.com/ethicstalk.

******************************************IMPORTANT NOTE: THIS FEED comes from BLOGTALKRADIO and does not include our complete archives. So we set up ANOTHER itunes feed which has the complete archives. thereafter.  To access the COMPLETE archives, go to itunes, search for "ethics talk" and click on the hedgehog. Oh, and we like the hedgehog for the same reason that Jim Collins does.
The leading publisher of legal books for plaintiff trial lawyers, Trial Guides offers an ongoing series of lectures on winning courtroom strategies for trial lawyers.
Discover tips for making the most of your Apple products and streamlining your day, all created with the teacher in mind.
Join speech-language pathologists (SLPs) Rachel, Lucas, and Chris as they discuss helping people with communication challenges use alternative and augmentative communication (AAC) to find their voice and join the conversation!
Instructional Tech Talk is a show designed to help you integrate technology into your classroom, building, or district. It doesn’t matter if you are a classroom teacher, building administrator, district tech, or superintendent, my goal is to introduce new technologies that could be implemented in a variety of ways to help promote student learning.
The EdTech Take Out is a podcast for teachers who are looking for innovative ways to use technology in the classroom. It is hosted by Jonathan Wylie and Mindy Cairney from Grant Wood AEA. Contact the hosts by email at podcast@gwaea.org and read show notes at www.dlgwaea.org/podcast.
Every Wednesday at 12:00 Noon Eastern at http://www.facebook.com/BobDoyleLOA, Bob Doyle, from "The Secret" discusses Law of Attraction topics and takes your questions live. No registration is required. Just show up!
Tips & Tricks Photography Magazine is dedicated to encourage its readers to learn, share and explore their creative nature in photography. We are up for suggestions, questions, or articles to share with our readers, so if you have any feedback or ideas please feel free to contact us at tipsandtricksphotography@gmail.com You can visit Tips and Tricks Photography at http://tipsandtricksphotography.blogspot.com
True stories for English speakers learning Spanish. From the makers of Duolingo, the most popular language-learning app, comes a new podcast that delivers fascinating real-life stories  in easy-to-understand Spanish with English narration. These are not language lessons; they’re life lessons through language. Hosted by Martina Castro, co-founder of NPR’s Radio Ambulante.
This podcast is about learning to speak Spanish in every day practical situations. There are pauses for you to repeat what you hear and the more difficult words and phrases are broken down for correct pronunciation and grammar. There are songs, games and other activities to make your learning enjoyable and help you retain what you have learned. We are the first podcast using this style of teaching, and with a state certified professional Spanish teacher, you know you're in good hands.  So subscribe today and get started with your learning.
WINNER OF BEST EDUCATION PODCAST IN THE 2017 PODCAST AWARDS. Grammar Girl provides short, friendly tips to improve your writing. Whether English is your first language or your second language, these grammar, punctuation, style, and business tips will make you a better and more successful writer. Grammar Girl is a Quick and Dirty Tips podcast. Find the full, ad-free archive of Grammar Girl, as well as exclusive bonus episodes, only on Stitcher Premium. Use code GRAMMAR for one free month at stitcherpremium.com/grammar
In our course we emphasize all aspects of language learning from listening comprehension, rapid vocabulary expansion, exposure to Spanish grammar and common idiomatic expressions used in Latin America, to pronunciation practice and interactive grammar exercises. In our program we discuss the Weekly News, grammar, and expressions, and much more in simplified Spanish at a slow pace so that you can understand almost every word and sentence.
SpanishPod101.com is an innovative and fun way of learning the Spanish language and culture at your own convenience and pace. Our language training system consists of free daily podcast audio lessons, video lessons, Spanish Word of the Day, a premium learning center, and a vibrant user community. Stop by SpanishPod101.com today for a Premium 7-Day Free Trial and Lifetime Account to even more fun, fast and easy Spanish lessons!
Learn French with free daily podcasts, brought to you by French teachers from Paris. DailyFrenchPod is an amazing effective and new way to learn French, combining daily podcast, a daily learning guide including review exercices, PDF transcript, keywords, audio and PDF vocabulary sheets, grammar tutorials, and a large community of students and experts to practice with.
Lexicon Valley is a podcast about language, from pet peeves, syntax, and etymology to neurolinguistics and the death of languages. Hosted by linguist John McWhorter.
News in Slow Spanish is a podcast for those who already possess a basic vocabulary and some knowledge of Spanish grammar. Your host are native Spanish speaker from Spain.
In our program we discuss the world news, grammar, and expressions, and much more in simplified Spanish at a slow pace so that you can understand almost every word and sentence.
Learn real Spanish with us! In our course we emphasize all aspects of language learning from listening comprehension, rapid vocabulary expansion, exposure to grammar and common idiomatic expressions, to pronunciation practice and interactive grammar exercises.
Ben and Marina bring you real conversations and natural language to help you start speaking the Spanish you'll never find in a text book. With over 100 Spanish podcasts to their names with the popular Intermediate and Advanced series, the "Inspired Beginners" podcasts are for motivated learners who want to sound like pros! See notesinspanish.com for full details and the accompanying worksheets.
It's fast, it's fun, and it's easy! Just 3 easy steps: 1. Subscribe to languagetreks.com to take full advantage of our award winning interactive language learning system. 2. Spend only 15 minutes a day with our cast of native speaking characters who actively engage you in learning to speak Spanish. 3. Try out our free podcasts while you are on the go and would prefer to review using your iPod or mp3 player. It’s that simple! Thousands of students are using our program with great success and very little effort. languagetreks.com is for all ages 9-99. Come join us today!
Learn French by Podcast is an exciting series of French lessons for everybody. Work with high-quality audio podcasts in your own time and at your own pace. Want to clarify some details? Something you couldn't quite understand? Then download comprehensive PDF Guides which elucidate all the finer points. Learn French the fun way.
Every week, we look at a different everyday English phrase or piece of slang in this fun three-minute programme. From BBC World Service
Learn French online with us! In our course we emphasize all aspects of language learning from listening comprehension, rapid vocabulary expansion, exposure to French grammar and common idiomatic expressions, to pronunciation practice and interactive grammar exercises. In our program we discuss the Weekly News, French grammar, and French expressions, and much more in simplified French at a slow pace so that you can understand almost every word and sentence.
Are you looking for a new and fun way to learn American English? Come hang out with Lindsay and Michelle from Boston and New York City and have fun while you improve your English listening skills! All Ears English is an English as a Second Language (ESL) podcast for intermediate to advanced English learners around the world. Teachers Lindsay McMahon and Michelle Kaplan will show you how to use everyday English vocabulary and natural idioms, expressions, and phrasal verbs and how to make small talk in American English. We will also give you special tips on American culture, customs, etiquette, and how to speak with Americans as well as conversation and commentary on study tips, business English, life in America and Boston and New York, how to apply to university in the US, dating, travel, food and more. You'll get TOEFL, IELTS, and TOEIC help also from The Examiner of Excellence, Jessica Beck. This podcast is for adult students who are professionals and university students as well as ESL teachers. Join Lindsay and Michelle and the All Ears English community to learn to speak American English like a native! Connection NOT Perfection!
Ben and Marina bring you real Spanish conversations on real-world topics, designed to help take your Spanish up to the next level. This is the genuine Spanish you will never find in a text book or classroom. See notesinspanish.com for more info and accompanying worksheets.
***iTunes New and Noteworthy Podcast, April 2012***

JapanesePod101.com is an innovative and fun way of learning the Japanese language and culture at your own convenience and pace. Our language training system consists of free daily podcast audio lessons, video lessons, Japanese Word of the Day, Premium tools, and a vibrant user community. Go to JapanesePod101.com to sign up for a Free Lifetime Account and get even more fun, fast and easy Japanese lessons!
This series of free audio Spanish lessons focus on the basics and have been designed for beginners who want to get the fundamentals of the Spanish language, from the alphabet and numbers in Spanish, to frequently used grammar structures, while getting the building blocks required for using the language on everyday situations frequently faced by students and travelers.
VictorPrep's vocab podcast is for improving for English vocabulary skills while helping you prepare for your standardized tests!

This podcast isn't only intended for those studying for the GRE or SAT, but also for people who enjoy learning, and especially those who want to improve their English skills.

If you have comments or questions and suggestions, please contact me at @SamFold or send me an email at sam.fold@gmail.com.
Learn and practise useful English language for everyday situations with the BBC. A weekly instruction manual for saying or doing something in English is published every Thursday.
English as a Second Language Podcast is for anyone who wants to improve their English speaking and listening skills.
Welcome to The Next 90 Podcast. Join us as host and serial Entrepreneur, Nick Long,  gives you the tools and resources to start living a life on fire by living it with INTENTION 90 days at a time. Each episode Nick will bring you stories from his own life as well different men and women who have taken what we call the “challenged based living lifestyle” This is a proven science for getting exactly what you want out of life!  The focus will be on the core 4; Body, Being, Balance and Business. Learning the 4 pillars of your life will bring you into a better understanding of how you can start enjoying your journey to a “Have it all lifestyle.”All it takes is a decision and following the plan of living life 90 days at a time.  ARE YOU READY TO JOIN THE NEXT 90 NATION? Subscribe Today
Every week on the Dreamer Comics Podcast, Omar Spahi interviews a different comic book creator every week to teach you how to make your own comics from start to finish. We dive deep into what to do to get your comic book created, published and sold to fans.
Kwik Brain is a fun, fast-paced show designed to help busy people learn and achieve anything in a fraction of the time! Your coach, Jim Kwik (his real name), is the brain & memory trainer to elite mental performers, including many of the world’s leading CEO’s and celebrities. In this easy to digest bite-sized podcast, you will discover Kwik’s favorite shortcuts to read faster, remember more, and ‘supercharge’ your greatest wealth-building asset: your brain. Whether you’re a student, senior, entrepreneur or educator, you will get the edge with these simple actionable tools to sharpen your mind, enhance your focus, and fast-track your fullest potential. Get show notes, Jim’s latest brain-training, and submit your questions in our private community (free) at: www.KwikBrain.com

Jim Kwik is the founder of KwikLearning.com, a widely recognized world leader in speed-reading, memory improvement, brain performance, and accelerated learning with students in over 150 countries.

After a childhood brain injury left him learning-challenged, Kwik created strategies to dramatically enhance his mental performance. He has since dedicated his life to helping others unleash their true genius and brainpower to learn anything faster and live a life of greater power, productivity, and purpose.
This podcast is designed to help you develop an excellent attitude, enhance your self-esteem, develop your creative genius, set and achieve goals, harness your mind's power, and explain the elements of personal growth. In addition, this podcast dissects, observes, and gives pratical guidance to the critical success factors such as writing skills, public speaking skills, effective communication skills, and fostering excellent relationships. This is the Secret of Success, by Antonio T. Smith, Jr., and it is a daily podcast designed to be your breakthrough.
Jen Hemphill, Motivational Money Coach goes on a money journey each week with you helping you make your money simple and easy to master.  She brings to you practical and simple money insights and showcases women like you to share their real life stories.  Grab the Jumpstart Your Budget Mini-Guide that gives you a simple place to start and finally limit the overwhelm you experience with your finances at www.jenhemphill.com.
A weekly dose of just the right medicine to help you get out of debt, save more money, and beat the paycheck to paycheck cycle.
No BS Allowed - Are you sick of empty suits telling you just work harder? - Learn about The Maverick Selling Method, models the world's best salespeople and what they do differently. If you are in sales and have a passion for selling you will like this podcast. The focus is on b2b sales and selling. If are selling or in sales this podcast is for you.  Some of the topics I cover are cold calling, spin selling, challenger sale, solution selling, advanced selling skills. strategic selling, linkedin, saas, sales leadership, sales management, social media, b2b marketing, maverick selling method and how sales have changed. If you are in sales and like selling this podcast is for you.
I have been selling for over 25 years and today I help companies increase revenue and reduce sales cycles by understanding how their customers make purchase decisions. I avoid the old-school tips and trick approach to sales and rather create sales and buying pattern map which enables salespeople to understand the selling and buying pattern. My clients are rewarded with over 300% increase in new business and a 30% reduction in the time it takes to close business. My approach is direct and without the fluff that other sales training companies take so if you want the brutal truth about sales and selling you have found the right place. If you like Tim Ferriss, Bill Burr, Dave Ramsey, Serial, Reply All, The Art of Charm, HBR, WTF, Startup, Motley Fool, Money, Gimlet, TEDTalk, NPR, EOFIRE, The TOP, Ziglar, Salesman red, Hustler, GaryVEE you will like this.
Counselors, coaches and sober companions help hundreds of thousands of people affected by Addictions and Mental Health issues each year.  Learn about the current research and practical counseling tools to improve your skills and provide the best possible services.  Counselor Toolbox targets counselors, coaches and companions, but can also provide useful counseling self-help tools for persons struggling with these issues and their loved ones.  AllCEUs is an approved counseling continuing education provider for addiction and mental health counselors in most states.  Counseling CEUs are available for each episode.
Creating a Safety Culture, One Broadcast & One Podcast at a Time.
#1 Bestselling author. Dedicating my life to help you play your best game & do your best work.
Learn how to produce your own live comedy show in this miniseries hosted by Emily Winter. Winter is a comedian who produces two Time Out Critics’ Pick comedy shows in Brooklyn, BackFat Variety and Side Ponytail. She also co-created an international comedy festival, WHAT A JOKE, which took place in 32 cities simultaneously and raised more than $50K for The ACLU.

Logo photo credit from WHAT A JOKE Festival: Andrew Bisdale, www.andrewbisdale.com.

Series producer: John Rosenberger @johnjohnphenom

Emily Winter: @emilymcwinter, emilywintercomedy.com.
Busy people who became published authors such as Jim Palmer, Adam Markel, Diane Gardner, Dr. Kathy Gruver, Marcey Rader, Jacques McNeil, Raymond Aaron, Naresh Vissa, Keshawn Dodds, Dr. Chris L Hickey, John Lee Dumas and many more inspire busy people to become published authors. The podcast idea started because John P, the host, was writing his first book but put it aside due to other priorities in life. His mom told him to “Please, Finish Your Book!”, however he was so busy, he didn’t get the chance to finish before she passed away a couple of months later. So John P launched this podcast not only in rememberance of his mom, but to showcase busy people who found a way to get their books finished. John goal is to help inspire busy people who want to write a book to get their books finished too. Listen as they share their story along with practical tips that you can use to get your book finished.  Authors will share what their book is about and some will RAP (ie., Read A Portion) during the BOOK segment. During the AUTHOR segment, you will hear their backstories. The final segment of the show, the MINDSET, is where the author reveals the motivation, choices, and some helpful tips they used to bring their book to life. The show format is BAM! (Book, Author, Mindset).
Do you have more questions than answers when it comes to treating your medically complex/fragile pediatric patients? If so… then join Michelle Dawson, as she offers her own unique insights and interviews colleagues that are experts in their respective fields… with the goal of inspiring and illuminating all aspects of diagnosing and treating this unique population.
Today's buyer is more informed and more skeptical when it comes to buying.  In this podcast, we'll discuss "Finding the Why in How Clients Buy" by using the latest studies in consumer behavior and neuromarketing to sell more effectively!
Join award-winning real estate coaches Tim & Julie Harris every weekday for industry news, coaching advice, and interviews with real estate leaders.
A podcast based on the experience of being a 9-1-1 dispatcher.
NPTE Clinical Files is a podcast from the creator of Dominating the NPTE, hosted by Kyle Rice. NPTE Clinical Files explains a true clinical scenario in the form of a mock NPTE-based question. Each question is followed by a set of answer choices, where Dr. Kyle Rice explains the right answer with a detailed rationale. Each season covers all of the major systems and topics found in physical therapy and likely to be found on an NPTE. NPTE Clinical Files gives the Physical Therapist a weekly opportunity to solve clinical puzzles while learning the latest research related to the topic.
The Dog Trainer wants you and your dog to have a wonderful time together. If you've got a puppy, get simple, sensible pointers for raising her. Rambunctious adolescent? Transform him into a civilized adult. As for the grownups, no dog is too old to learn new tricks -- or better manners. The Dog Trainer explains how to get the polite behaviors you want and turn those behaviors into lifelong habits. Whether you're housetraining, teaching your dog to roll over, or wondering how to evaluate a dog walker, The Dog Trainer can help.
About once a month, I open the phone lines for an hour -- and a special guest and I take your questions about work, business, life and everything else. Think of it as "Car Talk" . . . for the human engine. Join us for our next broadcast. View the webpage at: http://danpink.com/office-hours
Learn From IELTS Tutors and Examiners Who Are Masters Of IELTS Preparation, Listen To Me Pick Their Brains For Secret Strategies And Tips...For FREE.
Reading With Your Kids is all about encouraging parents to read with their kids, and cook with their kids, and do activities with their kids, and experience tv, movies and music together. In other words, our podcast is all about helping parents build stronger relationships with their kids.
Follow along with the journey of what it is like to have 2 children, 5 chickens, 3 dogs, 2 horses, 1 for purpose business and a partridge and a pear tree.

LIFE WITH THE CHAPMANS is a podcast dedicated to real conversations about family, marriage, children, business and all the adventures of raising a family in the modern world.  

You can follow the hosts on Instagram at @jodiejchapman and @wesdchapman. www.lifewiththechapmans.com
Hosts Mindy Thomas and Guy Raz guide curious kids and their grown-ups on a journey into the wonders of the world around them. We'll go inside our brains, out into space and deep into the coolest new stories in science and technology.
Story Pirates is a group of world-class actors, comedians, improvisers and musicians who adapt stories written by kids into sketch comedy and musical theater. Visit www.storypirates.com for more information on Story Pirates and how you can bring our live show to your school or town!
Co-hosts Garrett J White and Danielle K White share in this weekly podcast as a powerhouse husband and wife duo why date nights have become non-negotiable in their life. Garrett is the founder of Wake Up Warrior, a program for married businessmen to live the Warrior’s Way towards having a life of having it all, and Danielle is the founder of NBR hair extension techniques through DKW Styling Salon. They will share how they have created success in every aspect of their lives after being willing to rebuild and heal from disconnection, and it all starts with weekly date nights.
Hi, we're Russ and Mika Perry. We live together in Scottsdale, Arizona with our three beautiful daughters. We have devoted our lives to building a solid foundation for our family through entrepreneurship and healthy practices, with the goal of living a successful, balanced, family-focused lifestyle. 

Good To Be Home is a weekly exploration of entrepreneurship, family, marriage, sobriety, and how we balance our business and life.
On the Stories Podcast, we perform a new story for your children every week. The stories range from retellings of fairy tales like Snow White to classic stories like Peter Rabbit and even completely original works. Everything is G rated and safe for all ages. The perfect kids podcast for imaginative families. Whether you’re driving with your children or just want to limit your kids’ screen time, Stories Podcast delivers entertainment that kids and parents alike will love.
Brains On!® is a science podcast for curious kids and adults from American Public Media. Co-hosted each week by kid scientists and reporters from public radio, we ask questions and go wherever the answers take us.
I’m a 37 year old guy luckily married to a beautiful woman and a proud father of 4 awesome children; 3 boys and a princess.
The Dream Big Podcast is a family-friendly podcast inspiring kids (and adults!) to pursue their passions in life and take action to make their dreams a reality. Your hosts Eva Karpman (currently 7-years-old in 2nd grade) and mom Olga Karpman interview world-class performers who do what they love and live their dreams each and every day. As we know our listeners have a wide range of passions and interests, we aim to invite guests who are extraordinary achievers from eclectic areas (think Olympians like Scott Hamilton, celebrity animal trainers like Zak George, other top podcasters like Dan Carlin and John Lee Dumas, grammy-winning musicians like Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga, renowned scientists like Neil DeGrasse Tyson, successful entrepreneurs like Tim Ferriss, Ellen DeGeneres, and Oprah -- we like to DREAM BIG too!). The Dream Big Podcast’s short 15-20 minute format makes for the perfect length to listen to an episode in the car with your kids. Each episode features free personalized discussion sheets that you can download and print at home to have a thought-provoking discussion as a family (great parenting!) about what you learned listening to that week’s episode. Subscribe and together we can inspire each other to dream big and take action. To get to the podcast website, cut and paste the link DreamBigPodcast.com into your browser. Get ready to DREAM BIG!
Highlights Hangout is a monthly podcast that brings Highlights Magazine, an American icon, to life in a whole new way.  This magazine-style show hosted by Tim Kubart and Juanita Andersen offers a unique audio spin on the stories, characters, puzzles, and jokes that millions of kids dive into each month in the pages of Highlights including "Goofus and Gallant", "The Hidden Sound Game" ("Hidden Pictures" with sounds!), and listener submitted jokes, tongue twisters, poems and wow-worthy science questions answered by Mindy Thomas and Guy Raz from "Wow in the World"!
Exploring stories of science discovery. Tumble is a science podcast created to be enjoyed by the entire family.
Hosted & produced by Lindsay Patterson (science journalist) & Marshall Escamilla (teacher). Visit www.tumblepodcast.com for more information and educational content.
Storynory brings you an audio story every week. Each one is  beautifully read by  Natasha and friends. Let Natasha's voice beguile you with classic fairy tales, new children's stories, poems, myths, adventures and romance.
The Alien Adventures of Finn Caspian is a serialized science-fiction story for kids (start with Episode 1), told in 15-20 minute episodes for parents to put on when driving around town, or to marathon on road trips, or to bond over before bed. The story centers on Finn Caspian, an 8-year-old boy aboard The Famous Marlowe 280 Interplanetary Exploratory Space Station. He and his friends Abigail, Elias and Vale are Explorers Troop 301, taking off from the Marlowe to explore uncharted planets, help the occasional alien, and solve a mystery that threatens to destroy the Marlowe. When pressed, we describe it as a "mystery gang" story, sort of like Scooby-Doo in space.

The story is written and performed by Jonathan Messinger, author of Hiding Out, former web editor of Time Out Chicago Kids, and father of two boys. His son Griffin, 7, serves as editor of the story, appearing in episodes to critique, make predictions and express skepticism that his father knows what he's talking about, which also happens to be the way the rest of their relationship works.
Each episode addresses a reader's parenting issue through the lens of Janet's respectful parenting philosophy.  

Janet is a respected parenting adviser, author, and guest lecturer whose website (JanetLansbury.com) is visited by millions of readers annually.  Her work informs, inspires, and supports caregivers of infants and toddlers across the globe, helping to create relationships of respect, trust, and love. Her best-selling books “No Bad Kids: Toddler Discipline without Shame” and "Elevating Child Care: A Guide to Respectful Parenting" are available in all formats at Audible, Amazon, Apple, and Barnes & Noble.  Episodes of "Sessions," a collection of intimate recorded phone consultations with parents, are available exclusively at SessionsAudio.com

Recommended  Best Parenting Podcast by "The Washington Post" and "Early Childhood Education Zone" 

Copyright JLML Press (2018) All Rights Reserved
Focus on the Family is a half-hour daily dose of encouragement and advice for the family with Jim Daly and John Fuller. Focus on the Family began airing in 1977. It is now carried daily on 2,000 radio outlets in the United States and has become one of today's most recognized Christian radio programs.
LIfe is messy. Some days (some hours) are harder than others.  Heather MacFadyen, mother of four boys, understands the wild ride. In this podcast she interviews guests about staying God-centered in a shaky mom world. Hearing vulnerable moments and examples of God's faithfulness in the past, helps you, the listener, build firm faith foundations for the future. Reminding us of our position--centered in God's presence and love.
Smash Boom Best is a debate show for kids and families from the makers of the award-winning podcast, Brains On. Every episode takes two cool things, smashes them together and let's you decide which is best. Cats versus Dogs. Pizza versus Tacos. Super Speed versus Super Strength. Who will be crowned the Smash Boom Best? Our debaters use facts and passion to make their case...teaching listeners how to defend their own opinions along the way. Produced By American Public Media. @smashboombest
As one of the most popular talk show hosts in radio history, Dr. Laura Schlessinger offers no-nonsense advice infused with a strong sense of ethics, accountability, and personal responsibility; she's been doing it successfully for more than 30 years, reaching millions of listeners weekly.  Now you can hear Dr. Laura's Weekly Podcast on iTunes, DrLaura.com or your favorite podcast directory.  For even more hours of Dr. Laura, become a Family Premium member at DrLaura.com.
Parents are trying to navigate children through a world they themselves don’t often understand. America’s Mom, Dr. Meg Meeker, the country's trusted authority on parenting, teens, & children's health, offers practical insights to help parents simplify. The pediatrician, mother, & best selling author engages with experts & parents to take on relevant issues, answer real questions, & provide simple hope & encouragement to every parent.
From the Self-Improvement Phenomenon blog PickTheBrain.com comes the Pick the Brain Podcast, the show where we pick the brains of the brightest minds in productivity, health, and self improvement. Pick the Brain has been named in over 100 “Best of the Web” lists, and Refinery29 named co-host Erin Falconer one of the Top 10 Women Changing the Digital Landscape for Good. Join hosts Erin Falconer and Jeremy Fisher as we retrain our brains to experience and expect the best from ourselves and the best from life.
Gretchen Rubin is HAPPIER, and she wants you to be happier too. The #1 bestselling author of The Happiness Project and Better Than Before gets more personal than ever as she brings her practical, manageable advice about happiness and good habits to this lively, thought-provoking podcast. Gretchen’s cohost and guinea pig is her younger sister, Elizabeth Craft, a TV writer and producer living in Los Angeles, who (lovingly) refers to Gretchen as her happiness bully. Part of the Panoply Network.
Welcome to The Brown Chicken Brown Cow Show & Podcast. We are a Sex-Body-Gender Positive podcast and show that aims to entertain, inform, and have a little fun.
 
There’s going to be something here for everyone who believes that sexual exploration, sexual communication, sexual identities, and being open to sexual possibilities are healthy, friendly, and most importantly fun. We believe that your things might not be our things but your things are ok too.
Join your hosts as we all learn and share more about this sexy world around us.
 
Want to know how you can help us out and to reach our show goals? Maybe you can support the show, get stuff, and even be part of the party? Head on over to our Patreon.com/bcbcpodcast page and become a monthly subscriber. There are so many levels of support it is insane. Pick the level you want and become part of the magic. If we reach our goals we will start producing more podcasts, more live shows, and more stuff and prizes for you.
Join Jason and Jennie each week as they train, teach, tell and set the stage for people to experience their own growth within their relationships and families. Reaching the depths couples intuitively know is possible but have no clue how to get there is what they are committed too. Shades of Intimacy will give you the tools to start or continue your journey and continue to move forward in your relationship. It's time to get connected and build your tribe.
Founder of Onnit, and modern philosopher Aubrey Marcus asks the important questions:  How do we find our purpose, wake up to who we truly are, have a few more laughs, and human being a little better?  The Aubrey Marcus Podcast brings in world class guests from the fields of athletics, health, business, fitness, science, relationship and spirituality, and asks them to open up about the failures and successes that define their wisdom and character.  Follow me on social @AubreyMarcus to keep up with the latest, and meet many of the incredible guests we’ve been honored to have on the show.
Porn Reboot is the #1  addiction recovery resource guiding ambitious men to freedom from compulsive porn and masturbation.
Join  Sex & Porn Addiction Recovery Coach J.K Emezi every week of your recovery journey.
www.elevatedrecovery.org
Join our FREE Course : https://pornreboot.teachable.com
Bestselling author TJ Hoisington shares success principles, insights on motivation and high achievement - helping you 'unleash your greatness within.'
Sure, everyone wants to talk about their successes, but how did they get there? What do inspirational people wish they had been told when they were starting out?

"Nobody Told Me!" is a two-generational podcast hosted by legendary broadcaster, Jan Black, and her millennial daughter, Laura Owens.  Together, they ask questions to learn what made these people into the motivational figures they are today.  And how you can be one yourself.
Find out what makes the greatest people great and how to apply those lessons to your life. Join NYT bestselling author Lewis Howes as he shares inspiring stories from the most brilliant business minds, world class athletes and influential celebrities on the planet.
The Psych Central Show is a weekly podcast that offers a candid, interesting, and in-depth look into all things mental health and psychology.

With Psych Central Associate Editor and blogger Gabe Howard and featuring Vincent M. Wales.

Tune in and have fun -- plus, you might accidentally learn something.
Inspirational, intimate and disarmingly-unfiltered conversations about living a fully-engaged, fiercely-connected and meaning-drenched life. From iconic world-shakers like Elizabeth Gilbert, Brene Brown, Sir Ken Robinson, Seth Godin and Gretchen Rubin to everyday guests, every story matters.
I read you the best content on personal development, minimalism, productivity, and more, with author permission. Think of Optimal Living Daily as an audioblog or blogcast where the best blogs are narrated for you for free.
Our 21st Century world is changing fast. Humans 2.0 is about embracing and truly understanding what you know is inside you deep down.

This podcast is a one-stop shop for all of your technological self-development needs. If you are looking for an audio-companion to support you on your own Hero’s journey, then look no further. I believe the key to learning is to understand different perspectives and thought paradigms, from brilliant experts around the world. 

Subjects of discussion include embarking on the hero’s journey of purpose, inner life, mental toughness, practical skills, mindfulness, and many more topics that will shatter your perceptual apparatus. 

What you feed your mind every day will shape your future.

Listening to this podcast will strengthen your mind, thoughts, and beliefs.

Leave behind the everyday mundane trivialities of your average human version 1.0, and meta-learn your way into becoming a human version 2.0 with a newly upgraded guest in each episode.
This podcast is dedicated to discussions and interviews with the fitness community's best science-based coaches, researchers and elite level athletes.
Joshua Fields Millburn & Ryan Nicodemus discuss living a meaningful life with less.
A master-class in personal and professional development, ultra-athlete, wellness evangelist and bestselling author Rich Roll delves deep with the world's brightest and most thought provoking thought leaders to educate, inspire and empower you to unleash your best, most authentic self. More at: http://richroll.com
Free fitness, nutrition, biohacking, fat loss, anti-aging and cutting-edge health advice from BenGreenfieldFitness.com! Tune in to the latest research, interviews with exercise, diet and medical professionals, and an entertaining mash-up of ancestral wisdom and modern science, along with Q&A's and mind-body-spirit optimizing content from America's top personal trainer.
Podcast by The Art of Manliness
Bulletproof Executive Radio was born out of a fifteen-year single-minded crusade to upgrade the human being using every available technology. It distills the knowledge of world-class MDs, biochemists, Olympic nutritionists, meditation experts, and more than $1M spent on personal self-experiments. From private brain EEG facilities hidden in a Canadian forest to remote monasteries in Tibet, from Silicon Valley to the Andes, high tech entrepreneur Dave Asprey used hacking techniques and tried everything himself, obsessively focused on discovering: What are the simplest things you can do to be better at everything? Welcome to being Bulletproof, the State of High Performance where you take control and improve your biochemistry, your body, and your mind so they work in unison, helping you execute at levels far beyond what you’d expect, without burning out, getting sick, or just acting like a stressed-out a-hole. It used to take a lifetime to radically rewire the human body and mind this way. Technology has changed the rules. Follow along as Dave Asprey and guests provide you with everything you need to upgrade your mind, body, and life.
The “Just Ask David” audio podcast takes a deep dive into health and beauty in just 10 minutes during each interview. The show features David Pollock, beauty industry veteran and the chemist behind some of the top- performing beauty products of all time. On his show, he candidly shares his expertise and invites his talented roster of guests to do the same.
This podcast is dedicated to discussions and interviews with the fitness community's best science-based coaches, researchers and elite level athletes.
A master-class in personal and professional development, ultra-athlete, wellness evangelist and bestselling author Rich Roll delves deep with the world's brightest and most thought provoking thought leaders to educate, inspire and empower you to unleash your best, most authentic self. More at: http://richroll.com
Free fitness, nutrition, biohacking, fat loss, anti-aging and cutting-edge health advice from BenGreenfieldFitness.com! Tune in to the latest research, interviews with exercise, diet and medical professionals, and an entertaining mash-up of ancestral wisdom and modern science, along with Q&A's and mind-body-spirit optimizing content from America's top personal trainer.
Bulletproof Executive Radio was born out of a fifteen-year single-minded crusade to upgrade the human being using every available technology. It distills the knowledge of world-class MDs, biochemists, Olympic nutritionists, meditation experts, and more than $1M spent on personal self-experiments. From private brain EEG facilities hidden in a Canadian forest to remote monasteries in Tibet, from Silicon Valley to the Andes, high tech entrepreneur Dave Asprey used hacking techniques and tried everything himself, obsessively focused on discovering: What are the simplest things you can do to be better at everything? Welcome to being Bulletproof, the State of High Performance where you take control and improve your biochemistry, your body, and your mind so they work in unison, helping you execute at levels far beyond what you’d expect, without burning out, getting sick, or just acting like a stressed-out a-hole. It used to take a lifetime to radically rewire the human body and mind this way. Technology has changed the rules. Follow along as Dave Asprey and guests provide you with everything you need to upgrade your mind, body, and life.
The “Just Ask David” audio podcast takes a deep dive into health and beauty in just 10 minutes during each interview. The show features David Pollock, beauty industry veteran and the chemist behind some of the top- performing beauty products of all time. On his show, he candidly shares his expertise and invites his talented roster of guests to do the same.
The ONLY keto podcast hosted by a doctor, Keto Answers with Dr Anthony Gustin (founder and CEO of PerfectKeto.com) features interviews with health and nutrition influencers, world-class thought leaders, and industry experts. With exclusive content that breaks down complex ideas to make them simple and digestible. We cover topics like weight loss, intermittent fasting, low carb and ketogenic diets, nutrition, healing chronic conditions and hormones.
We are seeing an ever-increasing burden of chronic disease, primarily driven by our food and food system. This is perpetuated by agricultural, food and health care policies that don’t support health. We need to rethink disease and reimagine a food system and a health care system the protects health, unburdens the economy from the weight of obesity and chronic disease, protects the environment, helps reverse climate change and creates a nation of healthy children and citizens. This podcast is a place for deep conversations about the critical issues of our time in the space of health, wellness, food and politics. New episodes are released every Wednesday morning. I hope you'll join me.
Support your low-carb, high-fat life with The Keto Diet Podcast, a fresh take on ketogenic living with Holistic Nutritionist and keto enthusiast, Leanne Vogel of HealthfulPursuit.com. Interviews with thought leaders, keto veterans, and exclusive content delivering
 powerful actions to understanding keto, developing a ketogenic diet that works for you, overcoming daily keto struggles, boosting body confidence, shedding weight, and more.
The Model Health Show is a fun, entertaining, and enlightening look at health and fitness. No subject is off limits here! World-renown author and nutritionist Shawn Stevenson breaks down complex health issues and makes them easy to understand and overcome. Whether it's weight loss, chronic fatigue, heart disease, diet, exercise, sex, hormones, sleep problems, or countless other health topics, the insights you get here will help you transform your health and live your best life ever.
Promoting strategies to increase healthspan, well-being, cognitive and physical performance through deeper understandings of biology.
Jesse and Marni teach and inspire you to reach your maximum potential in the realm of health. They interview world-class experts in the health & wellness community. Topics include lifestyle, nutrition, fitness, self-help, sleep, meditation, and spirituality. Jesse and Marni also tackle a health topic they are passionate about every other week during their Focus Friday episodes. Either way, you’re in for a treat!
Welcome to Keto For Normies, a podcast hosted by Matt and Megha, the founders of KetoConnect, a ketogenic food blog and YouTube channel. Weekly we will have on guests from all walks of health, nutrition and business to give you insight into their relationship with the diet guidelines they follow and the businesses they run. We will also discuss specific topics surrounding the health and science of a ketogenic diet, give our personal advice and tips for being successful on a keto diet, and answer listener questions!

Hosted By: Megha Barot and Matt Gaedke
Eamil: Ketoconnect@gmail.com
Food Blog: Ketoconnect.net

Podcast Review Form: https://www.ketoconnect.net/podcast-review/ 

--

Intro Music:
Music by Joakim Karud http://youtube.com/joakimkarud
Music by @joakimkarudmusic
The Keto For Women Show is designed to help women thrive on a high-fat, low-carb ketogenic diet in a safe and effective approach.  The keto diet can be an extremely powerful and healing diet for women, but needs to be approached differently than men in order to get these benefits! Holistic nutritionist and passionate health-seeker, Shawn Mynar of shawnmynar.com, provides you with the tips and tricks you need to feel amazing, have great energy, find your happy weight, and heal your body.
Learn how to use a low carb, real food diet, lifestyle changes, and functional medicine to master your blood sugar and reverse type 2 diabetes . Join diabetes expert Dr. Brian Mowll as he shares inspiring conversations with the world's leading health experts, nutritionists, physicians, and people who have overcome the diabetes struggle and mastered their blood sugar.
Welcome to The Health Code! A fun, informative, unfiltered and real podcast run by health and fitness YouTuber, Sarah's Day and professional photographer, content creator, Personal Trainer and... Sarah's boyfriend, Kurt Tilse. This dynamic duo are here to crack the code on all things health, fitness, lifestyle, relationships and building your dream career. Get ready, because they're about to reveal some serious tips, tricks and healthy hacks!
Abel James answers your questions and interviews thought leaders to transform your body, mind, and life with cutting-edge science and common-sense wisdom. Winner of 4 awards and #1 in Health in 8+ countries. For more visit: FatBurningMan.com. Come join the fun!
Achieve peak performance in everyday life. Learn mindset, diet, supplement and fitness regimens from the brightest minds and strongest athletes in the world.
On how to be healthy, strong, fit, happy and productive with the least amount of pain, suffering and sacrifice as possible. Featuring Primal Blueprint author Mark Sisson (marksdailyapple.com) and other guests from the ancestral health community.
Why bother searching for the best blogs about health & fitness when it can be found and read for you? Think of Optimal Health Daily as an audioblog or blogcast.

Optimal Health Daily is a podcast created for those looking to improve their lives one step at a time. We bring you the best content from blogs and other resources and read it to you, so that you don't have to waste your time finding and reading blogs yourself--listen during your commute, workout, regular routines, or during your down time 5 days a week and improve your life one step at a time. Each episode brings you a reading from a popular blog post or resource--practical and actionable information that has been proven to be worthy of large audiences.

Current sites and authors include:
ZenHabits.net - Leo Babauta
StevePavlina.com - Steve Pavlina
Sivers.org - Derek Sivers
BenGreenfieldFitness.com - Ben Greenfield
JCDFitness.com - JC Deen
NiaShanks.com - Nia Shanks
NegharFonooni.com - Neghar Fonooni
GoodLifeZen.com - Mary Jaksch

and more being added!
Subscribe now--your optimal life awaits!

*Optimal Health Daily has received permission from the original authors to read content on this show.
Diane is the New York Times bestselling author of "Practical Paleo" and "The 21-Day Sugar Detox" and is a Certified Nutrition Consultant. Liz is the bestselling author of "Eat the Yolks" and "The Purely Primal Skincare Guide" and a Nutritional Therapy Practitioner. Each week, Diane and Liz dish on current topics in health, nutrition, and the Paleosphere as well as provide insights in response to listener questions - all with their signature wit and a healthy dose of joking around that'll make you feel like you're spending an hour with two of your best girlfriends each week.
From the Self-Improvement Phenomenon blog PickTheBrain.com comes the Pick the Brain Podcast, the show where we pick the brains of the brightest minds in productivity, health, and self improvement. Pick the Brain has been named in over 100 “Best of the Web” lists, and Refinery29 named co-host Erin Falconer one of the Top 10 Women Changing the Digital Landscape for Good. Join hosts Erin Falconer and Jeremy Fisher as we retrain our brains to experience and expect the best from ourselves and the best from life.
Gretchen Rubin is HAPPIER, and she wants you to be happier too. The #1 bestselling author of The Happiness Project and Better Than Before gets more personal than ever as she brings her practical, manageable advice about happiness and good habits to this lively, thought-provoking podcast. Gretchen’s cohost and guinea pig is her younger sister, Elizabeth Craft, a TV writer and producer living in Los Angeles, who (lovingly) refers to Gretchen as her happiness bully. Part of the Panoply Network.
Founder of Onnit, and modern philosopher Aubrey Marcus asks the important questions:  How do we find our purpose, wake up to who we truly are, have a few more laughs, and human being a little better?  The Aubrey Marcus Podcast brings in world class guests from the fields of athletics, health, business, fitness, science, relationship and spirituality, and asks them to open up about the failures and successes that define their wisdom and character.  Follow me on social @AubreyMarcus to keep up with the latest, and meet many of the incredible guests we’ve been honored to have on the show.
Porn Reboot is the #1  addiction recovery resource guiding ambitious men to freedom from compulsive porn and masturbation.
Join  Sex & Porn Addiction Recovery Coach J.K Emezi every week of your recovery journey.
www.elevatedrecovery.org
Join our FREE Course : https://pornreboot.teachable.com
Bestselling author TJ Hoisington shares success principles, insights on motivation and high achievement - helping you 'unleash your greatness within.'
Sure, everyone wants to talk about their successes, but how did they get there? What do inspirational people wish they had been told when they were starting out?

"Nobody Told Me!" is a two-generational podcast hosted by legendary broadcaster, Jan Black, and her millennial daughter, Laura Owens.  Together, they ask questions to learn what made these people into the motivational figures they are today.  And how you can be one yourself.
Find out what makes the greatest people great and how to apply those lessons to your life. Join NYT bestselling author Lewis Howes as he shares inspiring stories from the most brilliant business minds, world class athletes and influential celebrities on the planet.
The Psych Central Show is a weekly podcast that offers a candid, interesting, and in-depth look into all things mental health and psychology.

With Psych Central Associate Editor and blogger Gabe Howard and featuring Vincent M. Wales.

Tune in and have fun -- plus, you might accidentally learn something.
Inspirational, intimate and disarmingly-unfiltered conversations about living a fully-engaged, fiercely-connected and meaning-drenched life. From iconic world-shakers like Elizabeth Gilbert, Brene Brown, Sir Ken Robinson, Seth Godin and Gretchen Rubin to everyday guests, every story matters.
Our 21st Century world is changing fast. Humans 2.0 is about embracing and truly understanding what you know is inside you deep down.

This podcast is a one-stop shop for all of your technological self-development needs. If you are looking for an audio-companion to support you on your own Hero’s journey, then look no further. I believe the key to learning is to understand different perspectives and thought paradigms, from brilliant experts around the world. 

Subjects of discussion include embarking on the hero’s journey of purpose, inner life, mental toughness, practical skills, mindfulness, and many more topics that will shatter your perceptual apparatus. 

What you feed your mind every day will shape your future.

Listening to this podcast will strengthen your mind, thoughts, and beliefs.

Leave behind the everyday mundane trivialities of your average human version 1.0, and meta-learn your way into becoming a human version 2.0 with a newly upgraded guest in each episode.
Joshua Fields Millburn & Ryan Nicodemus discuss living a meaningful life with less.
Podcast by The Art of Manliness
Overcoming Low Self-Esteem is the most beneficial podcast on self-esteem that has ever been produced, and is led by Tempestt S. Smith. This podcast is filled with tears, laughter, joy, and therapy. As a child, you didn’t come into this world with low self-esteem, you had to be taught it. Your thoughts are not completely your own; therefore, you are currently living a reality that was created by you, but not necessarily for you. 
The life where you’ve surrendered fully to an unhealthy self-esteem is literally killing you on purpose, without purpose. The time for greatness, YOUR greatness, is now.
From homeless, high school drop out to Entrepreneur, C.E.O. and Ph.D.! Hear first hand how Eric was able to defy the odds, and single-handedly break the negative generational cycles that plagued his family for decades. Join the conversation with ET and co-host Carlas Quinney Jr. and learn how you too can create the life you deserve.
Do It Scared™ with Ruth Soukup is the podcast created to help you face your fears, overcome adversity, and create a life you LOVE. Each week you’ll discover actionable strategies for greater productivity, motivation, entrepreneurship, creativity, fulfillment, success, and happiness, along with the motivation and encouragement to actually start making real changes that lead to big results.

Each week we’ll address topics that delve into those things that we are so afraid of, and how it holds us back in our day to day lives—then focus on easy-to-implement advice for how we can face our fears and overcome adversity in order to create a life we truly love. The podcast will also feature bi-weekly interviews with authors, influencers, and other notable guests who have dared to do it scared in their own lives.
Go behind the scenes with Brendon, the world's leading high performance coach and one of the Top 100 Most Followed Public Figures in the world, as he speaks to 20,000 people in arenas, coaches celebrities, helps his students, and reaches millions of people every week with his message for how we can all live, love and matter. Every week, Brendon shares what he's struggling with, working on and marching towards - and how we can all live an extraordinary life. This is an intimate and inspiring look into the life and strategies of one of the most watched, followed and quoted personal development trainers in history. Get two episodes per week when you subscribe: one is a tactical training on how to improve one area of your life, and the other is Brendon's recap of his week's adventures, service and lessons learned. Visit Brendon.com to learn about Brendon.
Get all the inside secrets and tools you need to help you bust through your fears, connect to your soul and get focused and clear so you can elevate your life, business and relationships… Listen in as Lori Harder, founder of the Bliss Project, 3X time fitness world champion, fitness expert and cover model, turned self love junkie -  lifestyle entrepreneur and author digs in shares the goods!  Each episode is designed to give you the tools, ideas, and inspiration to take action in your life.  Tune in for an inspirational guest, a story or a "quickie" of motivation to get you out of a funk or blast you even further on your rockstar journey!   Stop waiting until you are happy and go out and earn it!   I promise to make sure we have some fun along the way - you can't take this life too serious.  It's time to fall in love with the process and take back your control! Oh and please make sure to share the episodes that give you goosebumps and leave us a review!
Hi, I’m Case Kenny (@case.kenny on Instagram) and I firmly believe that the world belongs to those with perspective.

Perspective doesn’t come from the latest curated headline online, or the latest self help guru. It comes from weirdos. Nerds. Misfits. Odd balls. Eccentric, future CEOs. jetsetting artists and musicians… people who chase purpose and understand that they are always one decision away from a totally different life.

I’m fascinated by human potential and the mindsets that allow us to reach our own. I’ve been fortunate to find my passion in life and I find fulfillment with it each day. I want to help you do the same. 

Join me on my weekly podcast “New Mindset, Who Dis?.” It’s a different kind of  podcast... no gurus, no fluff and no preaching of generic life advice… just short but real and relatable conversations on self-help, wellness, and mindsets with practical and personal insights into how to live a passionate, purposeful and happy life. 

Short, weekly episodes that are less than 20 minutes in length on how to live the life you’re meant for that will leave you thinking to yourself… “new mindset, who dis?” and other people thinking… “wow you’ve changed”.
Welcome to The Skinny Confidential Him & Her Show hosted by entrepreneurs and brand builders Lauryn Evarts Bosstick and Michael Bosstick. On this show you'll find a mix of audio entertainment including interviews with celebrities, entrepreneurs, influencers, experts, and thought leaders. You will also hear listener and audience questions answered on a weekly basis to answer questions on health, wellness, business, branding, marketing, and relationships.
Need Motivation? The best daily motivation is The Daily Boost! Find out what makes you happy! Reduce your stress! Get inspired! Master life skills like lifestyle design, balance, communication, career advancement and enjoy more success. The Daily Boost is the world's most popular daily motivation program.   Scott Smith delivers a unique, straight talking, real, very funny, and extreamly effective strategies that will give you amazing results! The Daily Boost has been iTunes top ranked self-help program since 2004 – give it a listen and find out why so many people around the world make The Daily Boost part their day... every day.   (More podcasts at http://MotivationToMove.com)
From the Self-Improvement Phenomenon blog PickTheBrain.com comes the Pick the Brain Podcast, the show where we pick the brains of the brightest minds in productivity, health, and self improvement. Pick the Brain has been named in over 100 “Best of the Web” lists, and Refinery29 named co-host Erin Falconer one of the Top 10 Women Changing the Digital Landscape for Good. Join hosts Erin Falconer and Jeremy Fisher as we retrain our brains to experience and expect the best from ourselves and the best from life.
Gretchen Rubin is HAPPIER, and she wants you to be happier too. The #1 bestselling author of The Happiness Project and Better Than Before gets more personal than ever as she brings her practical, manageable advice about happiness and good habits to this lively, thought-provoking podcast. Gretchen’s cohost and guinea pig is her younger sister, Elizabeth Craft, a TV writer and producer living in Los Angeles, who (lovingly) refers to Gretchen as her happiness bully. Part of the Panoply Network.
Founder of Onnit, and modern philosopher Aubrey Marcus asks the important questions:  How do we find our purpose, wake up to who we truly are, have a few more laughs, and human being a little better?  The Aubrey Marcus Podcast brings in world class guests from the fields of athletics, health, business, fitness, science, relationship and spirituality, and asks them to open up about the failures and successes that define their wisdom and character.  Follow me on social @AubreyMarcus to keep up with the latest, and meet many of the incredible guests we’ve been honored to have on the show.
Porn Reboot is the #1  addiction recovery resource guiding ambitious men to freedom from compulsive porn and masturbation.
Join  Sex & Porn Addiction Recovery Coach J.K Emezi every week of your recovery journey.
www.elevatedrecovery.org
Join our FREE Course : https://pornreboot.teachable.com
Bestselling author TJ Hoisington shares success principles, insights on motivation and high achievement - helping you 'unleash your greatness within.'
Sure, everyone wants to talk about their successes, but how did they get there? What do inspirational people wish they had been told when they were starting out?

"Nobody Told Me!" is a two-generational podcast hosted by legendary broadcaster, Jan Black, and her millennial daughter, Laura Owens.  Together, they ask questions to learn what made these people into the motivational figures they are today.  And how you can be one yourself.
Find out what makes the greatest people great and how to apply those lessons to your life. Join NYT bestselling author Lewis Howes as he shares inspiring stories from the most brilliant business minds, world class athletes and influential celebrities on the planet.
The Psych Central Show is a weekly podcast that offers a candid, interesting, and in-depth look into all things mental health and psychology.

With Psych Central Associate Editor and blogger Gabe Howard and featuring Vincent M. Wales.

Tune in and have fun -- plus, you might accidentally learn something.
Inspirational, intimate and disarmingly-unfiltered conversations about living a fully-engaged, fiercely-connected and meaning-drenched life. From iconic world-shakers like Elizabeth Gilbert, Brene Brown, Sir Ken Robinson, Seth Godin and Gretchen Rubin to everyday guests, every story matters.
Our 21st Century world is changing fast. Humans 2.0 is about embracing and truly understanding what you know is inside you deep down.

This podcast is a one-stop shop for all of your technological self-development needs. If you are looking for an audio-companion to support you on your own Hero’s journey, then look no further. I believe the key to learning is to understand different perspectives and thought paradigms, from brilliant experts around the world. 

Subjects of discussion include embarking on the hero’s journey of purpose, inner life, mental toughness, practical skills, mindfulness, and many more topics that will shatter your perceptual apparatus. 

What you feed your mind every day will shape your future.

Listening to this podcast will strengthen your mind, thoughts, and beliefs.

Leave behind the everyday mundane trivialities of your average human version 1.0, and meta-learn your way into becoming a human version 2.0 with a newly upgraded guest in each episode.
Joshua Fields Millburn & Ryan Nicodemus discuss living a meaningful life with less.
Podcast by The Art of Manliness
Overcoming Low Self-Esteem is the most beneficial podcast on self-esteem that has ever been produced, and is led by Tempestt S. Smith. This podcast is filled with tears, laughter, joy, and therapy. As a child, you didn’t come into this world with low self-esteem, you had to be taught it. Your thoughts are not completely your own; therefore, you are currently living a reality that was created by you, but not necessarily for you. 
The life where you’ve surrendered fully to an unhealthy self-esteem is literally killing you on purpose, without purpose. The time for greatness, YOUR greatness, is now.
From homeless, high school drop out to Entrepreneur, C.E.O. and Ph.D.! Hear first hand how Eric was able to defy the odds, and single-handedly break the negative generational cycles that plagued his family for decades. Join the conversation with ET and co-host Carlas Quinney Jr. and learn how you too can create the life you deserve.
Do It Scared™ with Ruth Soukup is the podcast created to help you face your fears, overcome adversity, and create a life you LOVE. Each week you’ll discover actionable strategies for greater productivity, motivation, entrepreneurship, creativity, fulfillment, success, and happiness, along with the motivation and encouragement to actually start making real changes that lead to big results.

Each week we’ll address topics that delve into those things that we are so afraid of, and how it holds us back in our day to day lives—then focus on easy-to-implement advice for how we can face our fears and overcome adversity in order to create a life we truly love. The podcast will also feature bi-weekly interviews with authors, influencers, and other notable guests who have dared to do it scared in their own lives.
Go behind the scenes with Brendon, the world's leading high performance coach and one of the Top 100 Most Followed Public Figures in the world, as he speaks to 20,000 people in arenas, coaches celebrities, helps his students, and reaches millions of people every week with his message for how we can all live, love and matter. Every week, Brendon shares what he's struggling with, working on and marching towards - and how we can all live an extraordinary life. This is an intimate and inspiring look into the life and strategies of one of the most watched, followed and quoted personal development trainers in history. Get two episodes per week when you subscribe: one is a tactical training on how to improve one area of your life, and the other is Brendon's recap of his week's adventures, service and lessons learned. Visit Brendon.com to learn about Brendon.
Get all the inside secrets and tools you need to help you bust through your fears, connect to your soul and get focused and clear so you can elevate your life, business and relationships… Listen in as Lori Harder, founder of the Bliss Project, 3X time fitness world champion, fitness expert and cover model, turned self love junkie -  lifestyle entrepreneur and author digs in shares the goods!  Each episode is designed to give you the tools, ideas, and inspiration to take action in your life.  Tune in for an inspirational guest, a story or a "quickie" of motivation to get you out of a funk or blast you even further on your rockstar journey!   Stop waiting until you are happy and go out and earn it!   I promise to make sure we have some fun along the way - you can't take this life too serious.  It's time to fall in love with the process and take back your control! Oh and please make sure to share the episodes that give you goosebumps and leave us a review!
Hi, I’m Case Kenny (@case.kenny on Instagram) and I firmly believe that the world belongs to those with perspective.

Perspective doesn’t come from the latest curated headline online, or the latest self help guru. It comes from weirdos. Nerds. Misfits. Odd balls. Eccentric, future CEOs. jetsetting artists and musicians… people who chase purpose and understand that they are always one decision away from a totally different life.

I’m fascinated by human potential and the mindsets that allow us to reach our own. I’ve been fortunate to find my passion in life and I find fulfillment with it each day. I want to help you do the same. 

Join me on my weekly podcast “New Mindset, Who Dis?.” It’s a different kind of  podcast... no gurus, no fluff and no preaching of generic life advice… just short but real and relatable conversations on self-help, wellness, and mindsets with practical and personal insights into how to live a passionate, purposeful and happy life. 

Short, weekly episodes that are less than 20 minutes in length on how to live the life you’re meant for that will leave you thinking to yourself… “new mindset, who dis?” and other people thinking… “wow you’ve changed”.
Welcome to The Skinny Confidential Him & Her Show hosted by entrepreneurs and brand builders Lauryn Evarts Bosstick and Michael Bosstick. On this show you'll find a mix of audio entertainment including interviews with celebrities, entrepreneurs, influencers, experts, and thought leaders. You will also hear listener and audience questions answered on a weekly basis to answer questions on health, wellness, business, branding, marketing, and relationships.
Need Motivation? The best daily motivation is The Daily Boost! Find out what makes you happy! Reduce your stress! Get inspired! Master life skills like lifestyle design, balance, communication, career advancement and enjoy more success. The Daily Boost is the world's most popular daily motivation program.   Scott Smith delivers a unique, straight talking, real, very funny, and extreamly effective strategies that will give you amazing results! The Daily Boost has been iTunes top ranked self-help program since 2004 – give it a listen and find out why so many people around the world make The Daily Boost part their day... every day.   (More podcasts at http://MotivationToMove.com)
I read you the best content on personal development, minimalism, productivity, and more, with author permission. Think of Optimal Living Daily as an audioblog or blogcast where the best blogs are narrated for you for free.
Breaking “The Underdog Curse” is a show for vitalistic Chiropractors about breaking free from limiting beliefs, and how to overcome being stuck as an underdog. Your Host Dr. Don MacDonald is a Chiropractor, coach and the author of the bestselling book “The Underdog Curse”.  Hear Dr. Don's personal interviews with thought leaders, bestselling authors, and Chiropractors from around the world.   All designed to inspire you, challenge you and help you live more aligned with who you truly are.
The goal of the Broken Brain podcast is to continue to the conversations that Dr. Hyman started during the Broken Brain docuseries. Each week we'll invite a new guest that we highly respect to help us dive deeper into the topics of brain health, longevity and living our best life. This podcast is hosted by Dhru Purohit, executive producer of Broken Brain.
The Healthy Moms Podcast is a weekly series covering the topics of holistic health, real food, stress, sleep, fitness, toxins, natural living, DIY, parenting, motherhood, and other health tips to give you actionable solutions to improve your family s life! Brought to you by Katie Wells of WellnessMama.com
The Meditation Podcast creates an extraordinary meditation experience for people in their everyday lives. Produced by husband-and-wife team Jesse & Jeane Stern, the podcast uses guided meditations, binaural beats, mindfulness, and 20+ years experience in Healing Arts. Please use headphones, and do not listen while driving or operating machinery. For our complete archive of meditations, please visit our web site.
A Library of Meditations at Your Finger Tips:  Join meditation coach, Mary Meckley, for daily meditation inspiration as she answers your questions and guides you on the journey of establishing a daily meditation ritual. Each week you're introduced to a brand new meditation theme to keep your meditations dynamic. Mary provides guidance as you sit down to meditate with her each day. She shows you how to make meditation a natural part of your day... not something that interrupts your day. Weekly themes include meditating to Manage Stress (Episodes 323-329), Manage Anger (Episodes 106-112), Overcome Self Doubt (Episodes 225-231), Move Past Fear (Episodes 344-350), Manage Addiction (Episodes 386-392), Reduce Anxiety (Episodes 176-182), Manage Depression (Episodes 443-449) and Improve Confidence and Self Esteem (Episodes 190-196).
Revolution Health Radio debunks mainstream myths on nutrition and health and delivers cutting-edge, yet practical information on how to prevent and reverse disease naturally.  This show is brought to you by Chris Kresser, health detective and creator of chriskresser.com.
The Cabral Concept by Dr. Cabral was created for you, the health conscious individual looking to discover the little known factors to ideal wellness, weight loss, and anti-aging. We uncover the root causes of why you're feeling stuck and unable to attain your goals and the action steps needed to live the life you always dreamed of. Plus, every day I answer your natural health wellness, weight loss, mindset, product review, and longevity questions. By following the Cabral Concept of "Change Your Body - Change Your Life," our community believes that by first rebalancing your body and mind, you will then be motivated to conquer any goals you set for yourself in life. I look forward to sharing these real world, proven, holistic strategies with you straight from my Boston Naturopathic, Ayurvedic, and Functional Medicine practice!
Hay House presents Guided Meditations featuring your favorite authors guiding you through mediations designed to help you relax and rejuvenate. Each week we bring you a new mediation with a featured author taking you on a meditational journey ranging from numerous topics on health, healing, overcoming fears and blocks and much more. Please visit hayhouse.com or facebook.com/HayHouseDailyMeditations to learn more.
Welcome to Dr. Hyman's weekly house call. Your chance to ask him your questions.
Discover the wisdom and remarkable insights of Dr. Wayne W. Dyer, world-renowned spiritual teacher and foremost authority on how the power of your mind creates your world. Dr. Dyer’s weekly talk show on HayHouseRadio.com explores the power we have as individuals to create and manifest events in our lives. Hear lively discussions on how you can move past fear and into love.  For more from Dr. Dyer, visit www.drwaynedyer.com.
Welcome to your go-to conversation on all things wellness, self­-care and self-­love for women of color, hosted by Black Girl In Om Founder Lauren Ash and Art Director Deun Ivory. This show uplifts, affirms, and informs and features a refreshing line-up of guests—including yogis, holistic lifestylists, clean beauty experts, and a plethora of other movers, shakers, and innovators within the wellness and beauty industries. This buzzworthy show speaks directly from women of color to women of color and strives to inspire women around the world.
Tune in and listen to some of the best highlights and life-changing moments on HayHouseRadio.com. Featuring expert authors like Dr. Wayne Dyer, Dr. Christiane Northrup, Caroline Myss, James Van Praagh and Doreen Virtue in the fields of health, self-healing, motivation, spirituality, positive psychology and personal development.  Get your inspirational boost today and subscribe at www.hayhouseradio.com.  Hay House, founded by Louise Hay, is an international leader in self-help and transformational publishing and offers books, audios, videos, online courses and live events worldwide.  Visit www.hayhouse.com for additional resources in self-development.
Cutting edge information in health, nutrition and functional medicine distilled into practical advice you can use to improve your health.
Untangle, is the podcast from the 5-star app, Meditation Studio. Experts and ‘real people’ share stories about how mindfulness practices have changed their lives. Hear experiences from business leaders, psychologists, cancer survivors, moms, neuroscientists, nutritionists, authors, mindfulness teachers, storytellers and more. We cover everything from why it’s important to meditate to how self-compassion practices change us from the inside out to why meditation helps with anxiety in adults and kids. A rich collection of interviews with a range of thoughtful guests who share their true and heartfelt experiences with mindfulness and other contemplative practices.
Whispered readings and ramblings for relaxation and sleeping.  Includes soothing meditations, interesting stories, tranquil poems, educational Wikipedia articles, and listener feedback.
A truly independent voice bringing you everything from home remedies to the latest medical advances. 



Pharmacologist Joe Graedon and medical anthropologist Terry Graedon talk to leading experts to discuss their research on issues relating to drugs, herbs, home remedies, vitamins and related health topics.



For more than four decades, the Graedons have been teaching, writing, and broadcasting information to help people make informed decisions about their health.



Tune in to get up to speed in less than 5 minutes on the week's breaking health news at the top of each podcast.



The podcast provides insights not found anywhere else about the pros and cons of prescription and over-the-counter medicines. Hear stories about side effects, interactions, and generic drug complications that often haven’t yet reached the FDA.



You will discover details on home remedies, too: foods, herbs, and supplements that can ease the symptoms of common ailments. Our listeners often share their own valuable experiences on our website, and we frequently discuss those stories on the podcast as well.
How to Meditate?
What is Ayurveda? 
How do I learn Reiki?
What is Energy Healing?
What is Chakra balancing?
How do I tap into my Intuition?
How do I lose weight naturally?
How to begin my Yoga practice?
How do I find my life purpose or calling?

If these questions have been running through your mind, then you're in the right place.

My Seven Chakras is a show that combines ancient wisdom, science and ground-breaking research inspired by thought leaders like Deepak Chopra, Anodea Judith, Dr. Andrew Weil, Oprah, Tim Ferriss, Wayne Dyer, Chalene Johnson and Lewis Howes, to provide you actionable steps that you can take right away to accomplish your Human Revolution!

Our show is not only about providing you knowledge, but also encouraging you to take massive action that will finally enable a change!

The responses to each of the insightful and thought provoking questions asked during the show will provide you key takeaways on how to improve your life physically, mentally and spiritually. 

Our show includes an exciting rapid-fire round called the wisdom round during which they share key nuggets of wisdom such as their morning ritual, a powerful habit, a transformational book and much more!
Natural MD Radio is your place to hear the whole truth on health and natural medicine for women and children, and get the tools you need to take back your health starting now. The focus of this show is women's health, fitness, beauty, natural living, and natural medicine for children. Dr. Romm dishes on everything from thyroid and hormone problems to the truth about antibiotics and vaccinations.
As the top rated essential oil podcast in the world, with over 1.5 million downloads to date, The Essential Oil Revolution is not just a show….it’s a Revolution! Each week, Samantha Lee Wright interviews the world’s most innovative and inspiring experts on essential oils, health, fitness, nutrition, and more. Episodes are jam packed full of practical advice, DIY recipes, and healthy living tips.
(The Essential Oil Revolution Podcast is a completely separate entity from the company Young Living Essential Oils. Any information on the show in no way reflects the words or advice of Young Living Essential Oils)
Classic Movie Musts is a weekly movie podcast that aims to provide artistic and historical context to classic films.  Every movie we discuss on this show is easily accessible via a streaming platform, which will be highlighted each week.  Nothing will be hard to find or difficult to access.  Classic Movie Musts is hosted by Max Baril.  New episodes release every Friday.
'The Rewatchables,' the newest film podcast from the Ringer Podcast Network, features HBO and The Ringer’s Bill Simmons and a roundtable of people from The Ringer universe discussing movies they can’t seem to stop watching.
The Monday Morning Critic Podcast is a labor of love for all things Cinema, Television and specific hand selected guests who've moved me in their life's work. Genuine, Interesting Analysis, Well researched Opinions and Interviews.
A #Geek and #Comedy #Podcast that debates battles between characters from the worlds of #Comics, #Scifi, & #Fantasy. Hosted by @JamesGavsie & @JSandlinWriter
Pop Culture Happy Hour is a fun and freewheeling chat about the latest movies, television, books, comics and music.
A weekly podcast that has all the movie reviews, interviews, and geek news that is fit to print! Created and hosted by Seattle based film critic "That Guy Named John", this podcast covers new and independent movie reviews, local and international film festivals, plus interviews with actors, directors, creators. He is joined by a rotating group of guests as they break down movies and pop culture. "ATR" = "About To Review" & "ATI" = "About To Interview".
An instant breakdown of every episode of ‘Westworld’ Season 2, hosted by The Ringer's David Shoemaker and a rotating panel of obsessive Ringer staffers.
Chuck Bryant of Stuff You Should Know sits down with your favorite people to talk about their favorite movie. Simple enough, but what we get is much more than that. It’s a look at what makes a favorite thing, and why someone’s favorite movie says so much about who they are. More conversation than interview, Movie Crush, at its heart, is about the love affair we all have with the silver screen.
Dig into the real stories behind Netflix Original true stories– how our filmmakers got access, what ended up on the cutting room floor, and even the impact a Netflix show can have on the real lives of its subjects. Keep the conversation going on Twitter @CantMakeThisUp, or find us on Facebook at You Cant Make This Up Netflix.
"Secrets of the Sire" Radio Show and Podcast talks Comics, Movies TV and Pop Culture. Hosted by two industry veterans who write & draw comic books by day and chat about the Movies & TV they inspire by night, SOS brings the Sports Radio feel to Pop Culture. SoS can be heard live every Wednesday 8:00pm EST on TalkRadio.nyc and Facebook before global release on iTunes, iHeart Radio, Soundcloud and across all podcasting applications.



Host Michael Dolce has been a professional Writer, Artist, Creator and Awesome Dude in the Entertainment Biz for over 15 years. He co-created "Descendant" for Image Comics and continues his creator owned super hero book "The Sire" on Kickstarter. His new graphic novel, The Mainstream hits shelves April 2018 from Zenescope.
Fan Favorite and one of the most popular Bachelors Ben Higgins and Ashley Iaconetti, the notorious crier from ABC’s Bachelorette and Bachelor in Paradise, will be covering everything relationships and breaking down the new season of the Bachelorette. They will include interviews with celebrities, past Bachelor and Bachelorette contestants, and interactions from their most loyal fans.
At the end of a long day, nothing is better than winding down and decompressing with a good friend, especially one that’s seen it all. Jana Kramer is here to hang out and share her advice and experience from a pretty crazy life. She’s been there and done that, from acting to singing, divorce, motherhood and beyond. If you’ve got something to get off your chest, come over to Jana’s place, pour a glass or two and Whine down!   
An exploration of cartoons with an insider's perspective, including show creators, voice actors, historians, animators and business leaders.
Antonio T. Smith Jr., President & CEO of ATS Jr. Companies, exposes the untruths that have kept society unaware, blind and oblivious to what is actually going on around them. Combining metaphysics, science, theology, history and alternative science, Antonio offers viewers the chance to rediscover our world through a new awakening. This series is best watched in consecutive order.
Dean Unglert has called in some backup for his quest to become better at dating, and who better to help than friends who have dated and broken up on television! Vanessa Grimaldi and Jared Haibon are Dean’s cohosts on the all new Help I Suck at Dating, and between the 3 of them, they might have a chance at finding out the secrets to a successful relationship. They’ll talk to love experts, psychics, celebrities, and everyone in between that can help make them better partners. It’s the all new “Help I Suck at Dating with Dean, Vanessa and Jared” an iHeartRadio podcast.
Holy motherforking shirtballs! This is the official podcast for NBC's The Good Place. We don't care how many points you have, subscribe and you'll get weekly behind-the-scenes stories, episode insights and anecdotes. Hosted by actor Marc Evan Jackson (Shawn) with a rotating slate of co-hosts and special guests, including actors, writers, producers and more, this podcast takes a deep dive into everything on- and off-screen.

Follow: @nbcthegoodplace
NBC Entertainment Podcast Network ©2018
Every night, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen brings you lively conversations about everything in the world of entertainment, politics, and pop culture. Now, get that same dose of celebrity (and Bravolebrity) fun as a podcast! Subscribe to hear every episode, plus the live after show and exclusive behind-the-scenes content. 
Join the conversation!
Twitter: @BravoWWHL
Instagram: @BravoWWHL
Facebook: Facebook.com/WatchWhatHappensLive
Bravo, WWHL, #WWHL, Reality TV, Housewives
A movie podcast for the common man by the Big Time Movie Boys @JeffDLowe, @LCPKenJac and @Trillballins. We review movies, debate movies and come up with some movie ideas of our own. If it's in the pictures, it's on the podcast!
An episode-by-episode discussion of The West Wing, one of television’s most beloved shows, co-hosted by one of its stars, Joshua Malina, along with Hrishikesh Hirway of Song Exploder.
Hollywood has run out of ideas. Luckily, Houston and Bryan, two movie lovers are here to redeem the silver screen...by ripping off existing movies.
Every week download free my last broadcast House Sessions. You can see the playlist on www.nikimix.com I hope you will appreciate the selection of the week, I'll thank you to subscribe my iTunes channel.  Your comments are welcome and I invite you to leave me your message on my fan facwebook page
Hosts/nerds Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton are your friendly music buddies with the week's best new music discoveries, including conversations with emerging artists, icons and more. Hear songs that can completely change your day, with humor, heart and (sometimes) a whole lot of noise. Directions for use: Morning commute, the gym, or alone time. (If rash persists, discontinue use.)
Rock And Roll Archaeology is, first and foremost, a community of Rock And Roll fans. Using our podcast, our website and blog, and of course, social media, we hope to provide a virtual town hall for Rock fans to meet and have great discussions about the history and impact of Rock And Roll. 

The Music. The People. The Culture. The Technology. Any other topics or aspects that may come up. 

Bring it. 

Our central question, our starting point is: How does Rock And Roll affect the larger society, and how does the larger society affect Rock And Roll?
The Loudini Rock & Roll Circus brings you entertaining and inspiring stories about today's emerging artists as well as the stories of our most loved classic artistsl. We also do weekly live music podcast with a focus on hard rock and metal.  where we play new acts and discuss fun music related topics
Song Exploder is a podcast where musicians take apart their songs, and piece by piece, tell the story of how they were made. Each episode features an artist discussing a song of theirs, breaking down the sounds and ideas that went into the writing and recording. Hosted and produced by Hrishikesh Hirway.
Tiny Desk Concerts from NPR Music feature your favorite musicians performing at All Songs Considered host Bob Boilen's desk in the NPR office. Hear Wilco, Adele, Passion Pit, Tinariwen, Miguel, The xx and many more. This is the audio version of the podcast. A video version is also available.
The Coolest Podcast In The World.

Hosted by Adam22 twitter.com/onsomeshit

Watch these interviews on YouTube right here: https://www.youtube.com/nojumper

http://www.twitter.com/onsomeshit
http://www.facebook.com/adam22
http://www.instagram.com/adamtwentytwo
Master Storyteller James Kevin O'Connor creates a platform on inspired interviews from Music and Film Producers, songwriters, actors, mentors, and all who have an Inspired story to share, this show is all original, complete with original music!
Subscribe to CLUBLIFE by Tiësto for an hour of the best club tracks from around the world with your favorite DJ. For more info about Tiësto please visit www.tiesto.com
A show Bobby Bones does from his house. In-depth interviews with songwriters, producers and artists in Nashville that reveal the stories behind the biggest songs, candid antidotes and personal stories.
Welcome to The Sleeping At Last Podcast! My name's Ryan O'Neal, I make music under the name "Sleeping At Last." Nice to meet you! This podcast is an evolution of my ongoing series of "How It Was Made" blog posts, in which I dissect and explain how my songs take shape, one song at a time. In this podcast, I'll be talking about my creative process, the intention and thought behind my songs - what they mean to me and why I did what I did. I'll also debut some new songs on here! That's the plan, but I'm brand new to this whole Podcast planet, so who knows! In any case, if you're curious about how my music gets made, I'd be so honored for you to take a listen. Love, Ryan
Tiny Desk Concerts from NPR's All Songs Considered features your favorite musicians performing at Bob Boilen's desk in the NPR Music office. Watch videos from Passion Pit, The xx, Wilco, Adele, Phoenix, Tinariwen, tUnE-yArDs and many more.
The Popcast is hosted by Jon Caramanica, a pop music critic for The New York Times. It covers the latest in pop music criticism, trends and news.
Alt.Latino is a spotlight on the world of Latinx arts and culture through music, stories and conversation.
KEXP's Song of the Day podcast features exclusive in-studio performances, unreleased songs, and recordings from independent musicians that KEXP thinks listeners should hear along with songs from more well-known artists.
Group Therapy is the weekly radio show from Above & Beyond also known as ABGT
The Tony Jones Show is YOUR destination for talk & rock. http://www.tonyjones.org/
Sound Opinions is the World's only rock and roll talkshow. Hosted by Jim DeRogatis of WBEZ and Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune. Each week Jim and Greg bring you the latest music news and reviews. Plus tune in to hear exclusive interviews and performances. Sound Opinions is a production of WBEZ Chicago and distributed by PRX. Updated weekly.
Under the Scales is a podcast by Tom Marshall, longtime songwriter for the band Phish. The podcast captures and brings to light the rich and complex culture surrounding Phish and its diverse, devoted fanbase. Phish's quirky sense of humor pervades and steers the podcast. Tom will interview the band, fans, insiders, outsiders...and dare to go UNDER THE SCALES to uncover the beating heart of Phish!
Every week, Armin selects his favourite tunes of the A State of Trance radio show and puts them into his official Podcast. Expect a  blend of the hottest in trance and progressive. Enjoy!
This is what the news should sound like. The biggest stories of our time, told by the best journalists in the world. Hosted by Michael Barbaro. Twenty minutes a day, five days a week, ready by 6 a.m.
Serial is a podcast from the creators of This American Life, hosted by Sarah Koenig. Serial unfolds one story - a true story - over the course of a whole season. The show follows the plot and characters wherever they lead, through many surprising twists and turns. Sarah won't know what happens at the end of the story until she gets there, not long before you get there with her. Each week she'll bring you the latest chapter, so it's important to listen in, starting with Episode 1. New episodes are released on Thursday mornings.
Reporter Madeleine Baran examines the case of Curtis Flowers, who has been tried six times for the same crime. For 21 years, Flowers has maintained his innocence. He's won appeal after appeal, but every time, the prosecutor just tries the case again. In the Dark is an investigative podcast from APM Reports. Season One focused on the abduction of Jacob Wetterling.
Hosted by Hollywood producer and political media strategist Ben Mathis, KickAss News is a twice weekly podcast that features the most interesting personalities and thought leaders in politics, entertainment, tech, business, science, and more.   

Enjoy the podcast?  Then please support the show and help keep us on the air by making a donation to our GoFundMe campaign at www.gofundme.com/kickassnews.  

Another way you can support the show is to subscribe to the podcast and leave us a review on iTunes to help keep us ranking strong on the top podcasts charts.  For more information visit www.kickassnews.com.  Thanks for listening!
Up and Vanished is an investigative podcast that explores the unsolved disappearance of Georgia beauty queen and high school teacher, Tara Grinstead. The 11-year-old cold case is the largest case file in the history of Georgia. Follow along as host Payne Lindsey, a filmmaker turned amateur investigator, examines old case evidence and re-interviews persons of interest. What happened to Tara Grinstead?
NPR's Up First is the news you need to start your day. The biggest stories and ideas — from politics to pop culture — in 10 minutes. Hosted by Rachel Martin, David Greene and Steve Inskeep, with reporting and analysis from NPR News. Available weekdays by 6 a.m. ET. Subscribe and listen, then support your local NPR station at donate.npr.org.
Tired of the lies? Tired of the spin? Are you ready to hear the hard-hitting truth in comprehensive, conservative, principled fashion? The Ben Shapiro Show brings you all the news you need to know in the most fast moving daily program in America. Ben brutally breaks down the culture and never gives an inch!
Monday thru Friday
Host David Ridgen joins victims’ family members as they investigate cold cases, tracking down leads, speaking to suspects and searching for answers. S1: Adrien McNaughton. S2: Sheryl Sheppard. S3: Dee & Moore. S4: Wayne Greavette.
How are the things we're talking about being talked about somewhere else in the world? Gregory Warner tells stories that follow familiar conversations into unfamiliar territory. At a time when the world seems small but it's as hard as ever to escape our echo chambers, Rough Translation takes you places.
The NPR Politics Podcast is where NPR's political reporters talk to you like they talk to each other. With weekly roundups and quick takes on news of the day, you don't have to keep up with politics to know what's happening. You just have to keep up with us.
Dan Bongino tackles the hot political issues, debunking both liberal and Republican establishment rhetoric. 

A former Secret Service Agent, NYPD veteran, and New York Times best-selling author, Bongino is best known amongst conservatives for his willingness to take on the Left and the Republican Establishment through his campaign for Congress, which nearly resulted in a historic political upset in the liberal bastion of Maryland. These experiences uniquely situate Dan to provide the best commentary and analysis from not only a law enforcement viewpoint, but also one that directly attacks the philosophical underpinnings of the Left and Big Government Republicans.
The Electorette: A new podcast about politics, intersectionality and feminism. The Electorette features interviews and conversations with the women leading the resistance. They are passionate about equality, voting rights, climate change, access to healthcare & reproductive rights and all issues that make a healthy democracy.
Rachel Maddow works with unmatched rigor and resolve to explain our complex world and deliver news in a way that's illuminating and dynamic, connecting the dots to make sense of complex issues. Join her every weeknight as she provides in-depth reporting to illuminate the current state of political affairs and reveals the importance of transparency and accountability from our leaders.
Every week Chris Hayes asks the big questions that keep him up at night. How do we make sense of this unprecedented moment in world history? Why is this (all) happening? This podcast starts to answer these questions. Writers, experts, and thinkers who are also trying to get to the bottom of them join Chris to break it all down and help him get a better night’s rest. “Why is this Happening?” is presented by MSNBC and NBCNews Think.
The latest news in five minutes. Updated hourly.
Steven Crowder brings you news, entertainment and politics with the most politically incorrect show on the web. Guests, rants, sketches, your calls ... it's whatever.
Landmark study offers hope for women suffering from breast cancer / The cattle rustlers terrorising Nigerian communities
Host Kelly McEvers takes a story from the news and goes deep. Whether that means digging into the Trump administration's past, the stories behind police shootings caught on video, or visiting a town ravaged by the opioid epidemic, Embedded takes you where the news is happening.
Where is Cleo? Taken by child welfare workers in the 1970’s and adopted in the U.S., the young Cree girl’s family believes she was raped and murdered while hitchhiking back home to Saskatchewan. CBC news investigative reporter Connie Walker joins the search to find out what really happened to Cleo.
Season 2: A soft-hearted prison minister was found killed in her Kentucky apartment, and Newport police zeroed in on an ex-convict she’d counseled. Thirty years later, the conviction is overturned and the case is once again unsolved. The Cincinnati Enquirer investigates: Was William Virgil wrongly convicted for murder?

Season 1: When Elizabeth Andes was found murdered in her Ohio apartment in 1978, police and prosecutors decided within hours it was an open-and-shut case. Two juries disagreed. The Cincinnati Enquirer investigates: Was the right guy charged, or did a killer walk free?
Jason Zuk, an intuitive psychic medium since 2004, will cover a variety of topics associated with Spirituality, Mediumship, & Connecting to the Other Side.
Welcome to the weekly audio Podcast from Joel Osteen.  Joel and Victoria Osteen are pastors of Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas, a vibrant and diverse church that Forbes calls the largest and fastest - growing congregation in America.
Welcome to the weekly podcast of Elevation Church led by Pastor Steven Furtick. To learn more visit our website at http://elevationchurch.org or download the Elevation App. To support this ministry and help us continue to reach people all around the world click here: http://ele.vc/TI55jR
Here at Transformation Church we believe in Representing God to the lost and found for Transformation in Christ. We are a multi-ethnic, multi-generational, and multiplying church committed to progression not perfection.
Jon Fuller is on a mission to be a true example of Christ in his life and in his work. He introduces you to men and women of faith who have walked different paths to find a true Christianity that they live out each and every day. Some paths have been bumpy and filled with debris, but through it all, grace and faith have been a sustaining force in the lives of these men and women. You won't find any fake and phoney Christianity here.....just real people with a heart for God and living out His call on their lives. Join us for new episodes each week. We'd love it if you'd share the show with other men and women of faith who need support and encouragement along their journey.
For people interested in mindfulness and meditation and experiencing aspects of spiritual awakening. Learn practical ways to meditate; explore your intuitive talents; helpful life skills; and science that supports these experiences. www.marijopuleo.com
Join Bible teacher and historian David Evans as he guides you through the stories of the Bible.  In each lesson, David will bring the historical, geographic, and cultural context of the scriptures alive through stories and illustrations to help you understand the text.  He has dedicated himself to study the Jewish and cultural backgrounds of the Bible. David, his wife Roseanne, and his five children, recently returned from Israel where he experienced first hand the land and historical landscape of the Bible.  David uses research of the top scholars in the fields of archaeology, history, culture, language and Biblical study as tools to explore the Biblical text more deeply.
Enjoying Everyday Life® is a daily TV and radio broadcast provided by Joyce Meyer Ministries.
The Briefing is a daily analysis of news and events from a Christian worldview.
"For the love" of...People. Home. Stories. Shoes. Family. Jesus. Community. TV. Travel. Food. Culture. The hilarious best-selling author and star of HGTV’s “My Big Family Renovation” invites you to drop by and catch up with her friends as they laugh and chat about all the things we love.
The Happy Hour Podcast is hosted by Jamie Ivey, and each week she brings a guest to the show. During the happy hour they will discuss anything and everything just as if you were around the table with your own girlfriends. Jamie loves to connect with women and encourage them as they journey through life. These conversations will make you laugh and cry all in one. The Happy Hour will be something you look forward to each week.  You will be encouraged as you listen to other women talk about the simplest things in life to the grandest. Grab a cup of coffee and enjoy the conversation!
The creators of The Bible Project have in-depth conversations about the Bible, theology, and history. A companion podcast to The Bible Project videos found on youtube.com/thebibleproject
Christian author and speaker Annie F. Downs shares with you some of her favorite things: new books, faith conversations, restaurants, travel stories, musicians not to miss, interviews with friends. Pretty much, if it sounds fun to Annie, you're gonna hear about it.
Welcome to the Craig Groeschel Leadership Podcast, a conversation designed to help you make the most of your potential as you work to become the leader God created you to be. Craig Groeschel is a speaker, author, and the Senior Pastor of Life.Church.
Tara Brach is a leading western teacher of Buddhist (mindfulness) meditation, emotional healing and spiritual awakening.  She is author of Radical Acceptance (2003), and True Refuge (2013). Senior teacher at the Insight Meditation Community of Washington D.C. (IMCW), Tara shares a weekly talk on Buddhist teachings and practices.  Visit http://www.tarabrach.com for more information. Please support this podcast by donating at http://www.tarabrach.com. Your generosity makes a difference!
The Potter's Touch, a weekly program, with Bishop T.D. Jakes, tackles today's topics and confronts the hidden issues and invisible scars that go untreated. This broadcast carries healing and restoration into homes of hurting people, unearthing taboo topics and offering practical and spiritual solutions to life's toughest questions.
Author and Wellness Personality Sahara Rose @IAmSaharaRose is the fresh young voice for the modern spiritual movement, called "a leading voice in the millennial generation into the new paradigm shift" by Deepak Chopra. In her podcast, she shares how you can tune into your unique gifts, find your purpose, live in your Dharma and blossom into your highest self. From understanding your mission on this planet to sharing it with the world, this podcast is the spiritual friend you wish you had, who lifts you up and gets you on all levels. Namaste and welcome.
Discover your mind-body type on Sahara's unique Dosha quiz and join her Doshas + Dharma Program at www.iamsahararose.com. Follow her on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter at @IAmSaharaRose
Learn, Love, and LIVE the Word! Join Pastor Rick Monday-Friday as he presents practical and applicable teaching from God’s Word that will give you daily hope. Apply biblical wisdom to your marriage, children, spiritual growth, hurts, habits, and purpose on this earth.  Listen every day for your daily hope. http://PastorRick.com
Welcome to the Your Move with Andy Stanley podcast. In this weekly 30-minute message from Andy, you will discover how to make better decisions and live with fewer regrets. So check out our website at www.yourmove.is for additional ways to watch, listen, and connect.
John Piper is founder and teacher of desiringGod.org; he is author of more than 50 books and travels regularly to preach and teach. New messages are posted to this podcast as they become available. Piper’s sermons, books, articles, and more are available free of charge at desiringGod.org. We want people everywhere to understand and embrace the truth that God is most glorified in us, when we are most satisfied in him.
Tara Brach is a leading western teacher of Buddhist (mindfulness) meditation, emotional healing and spiritual awakening.  She is author of Radical Acceptance (2003), and True Refuge (2013). Senior teacher at the Insight Meditation Community of Washington D.C. (IMCW), Tara shares a weekly talk on Buddhist teachings and practices.  Visit http://www.tarabrach.com for more information. Please support this podcast by donating at http://www.tarabrach.com. Your generosity makes a difference!
The Jack Kornfield Heart Wisdom hour celebrates Jack’s ability to mash up his long established Buddhist practices with many other mystical traditions, revealing the poignancy of life’s predicaments and the path to finding freedom from self-interest, self-judgment and unhappiness.
A podcast for secular-minded people who are interested in learning about Buddhist philosophy.
The Sharon Salzberg Metta Hour features Buddhist philosophy in a practical, common sense vernacular. Sharon’s natural wisdom, sense of humor and the ease with which she translates these teachings forge an intimate connection with the listener. From everyday experiences to pithy revelations, each podcast is a journey on the path of self-discovery.
Conversations with contemporary Buddhist leaders and thinkers
Karma Yeshe Rabgye is a Western Monk in the Kagyu tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. Originally from England, he now lives in Northern India. 
Yeshe spent several years in a monastery in the foothills of the Himalayas teaching young monks basic Buddhist philosophy and meditation. He now offers teachings freely to all in a manner that is unpretentious and clear. He does not demand students to blindly accept what he says, but instead invites them to examine their own minds and experiences to discover the validity of Gautama Buddha’s teachings. 
Yeshe quietly demonstrates Gautama Buddha’s teaching on compassion through the charitable trust ‘Sangye Menla’ that he founded in 2008 in Chandigarh, Northern India. The trust provides medical assistance and care to people from the Himalayan region in India.
Dharma talks given by Gil Fronsdal and various guest speakers at the Insight Meditation Center. Each talk illuminates aspects of the Buddha's teachings. The purpose is the same that the Buddha had for his teachings, to guide us toward the end of suffering and the attainment of freedom. To learn more about the Insight Meditation Center, visit our website at http://www.insightmeditationcenter.org/.
Joseph Goldstein has been a leading light for the practice of Insight and Loving Kindness meditation since his days in India and Burma where he studied with eminent masters of the tradition. In his podcast, The Insight Hour, Joseph delivers these essential mindfulness teachings in a practical and down to earth way that illuminates the practice through his own personal experience and wonderful story telling.
Dharma talks from the Zen Master Thich Nhat Hanh. One of the best known and most respected Zen masters in the world today, poet, and peace and human rights activist, Thich Nhat Hanh has led an extraordinary life.
These are guided meditations that cover a variety of Buddhist topics including mindfulness, compassion, concentration, and more.
REFUGE RECOVERY

“A Buddhist approach to recovering from Addiction”


What is Refuge Recovery?
Refuge Recovery is an oriented path to freedom from addiction. This is an approach to recovery that understands; “All individuals have the power and potential to free themselves from the suffering that is caused by addiction”. We feel confident in the power of the Dharma, if applied, to relieve suffering of all kinds, including the suffering of addiction. This is a process that cultivates a path of awakening, the path of recovering from the addictions and delusions that have created so much suffering in our lives and in this world. 

Refuge Recovery is a systematic approach to training our hearts and minds to see clearly and respond to our lives with understanding and non-harming. You are entering a way of life that may be familiar to some and foreign to others. In the beginning some of it may seem confusing or counter-instinctual, and some of it is. But you will find that with time, familiarity and experience, it will all make perfect sense and will gradually become a more and more natural way of being.
The Secular Buddhist is the official podcast of the Secular Buddhist Association, focusing on early Buddhist teaching and practice from a secular point of view.  http://secularbuddhism.org
The intention is to awaken, enlighten, enrich, and inspire. Timber Hawkeye, bestselling author of Buddhist Boot Camp and Faithfully Religionless, offers a secular approach to being at peace with the world, both within and around us. As the Dalai Lama says, "Don't try to use what you learn from Buddhism to be a Buddhist, use it to be a better whatever-you-already-are."
Zencast is a weekly podcast of  inspiring Buddhist Dharma talks for all people. 

Keywords: Zen,  Buddhism, Buddhist, Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Mindfulness, Meditation, Wisdom, Love, Peace, Stillness,Compassion.
This Podcast is a free show about the Buddhism of Nichiren Daishonin. Jason and Karen are members of the Soka Gakkai. Every two weeks they take a Buddhist study point and do their best to make it easy to understand and of use to anyone who listens.
Practical Buddhism for living in the 21st Century, not beside a remote lake or mountainside but in the midst of daily life, with a job to do, a house to run and children to raise.
Dharma talks by Noah Levine, author of Dharma Punx and Against the Stream, and other teachers at Against the Stream Buddhist Meditation Society in Los Angeles, San Francisco and elsewhere.
The Upaya Dharma Podcast features Wednesday evening Dharma Talks and recordings from Upaya's diverse array of programs. Our podcasts exemplify Upaya’s focus on socially engaged Buddhism, including prison work, end-of-life care, serving the homeless, training in socially engaged practices, peace & nonviolence, compassionate care training, and delivering healthcare in the Himalayas.
Kusala Bhikshu and his Urban Dharma; an American born Buddhist monk living in Los Angeles, California. Kusala shares his understanding of Buddhism in a simple,          non-technical way through stories, humor and personal insights.
Dharma Seed is dedicated to preserving and sharing the spoken teachings of Theravada Buddhism in modern languages. Since the early 1980's, Dharma Seed has collected and distributed dharma talks by teachers offering the vipassana (insight) and metta (lovingkindness) practices of Theravada Buddhism. New recordings are being added continuously from contemporary dharma teachers.
Meditation? No way. It's boring. And strange. And my mind is way too distracted and crazy. "Meditation in the City" helps dispel the myths about meditation, with down-to-earth, real life teachings that show us the benefits of meditation in our everyday life.
Welcome to the weekly audio Podcast from Joel Osteen.  Joel and Victoria Osteen are pastors of Lakewood Church in Houston, Texas, a vibrant and diverse church that Forbes calls the largest and fastest - growing congregation in America.
Welcome to the weekly podcast of Elevation Church led by Pastor Steven Furtick. To learn more visit our website at http://elevationchurch.org or download the Elevation App. To support this ministry and help us continue to reach people all around the world click here: http://ele.vc/TI55jR
Jon Fuller is on a mission to be a true example of Christ in his life and in his work. He introduces you to men and women of faith who have walked different paths to find a true Christianity that they live out each and every day. Some paths have been bumpy and filled with debris, but through it all, grace and faith have been a sustaining force in the lives of these men and women. You won't find any fake and phoney Christianity here.....just real people with a heart for God and living out His call on their lives. Join us for new episodes each week. We'd love it if you'd share the show with other men and women of faith who need support and encouragement along their journey.
Join Bible teacher and historian David Evans as he guides you through the stories of the Bible.  In each lesson, David will bring the historical, geographic, and cultural context of the scriptures alive through stories and illustrations to help you understand the text.  He has dedicated himself to study the Jewish and cultural backgrounds of the Bible. David, his wife Roseanne, and his five children, recently returned from Israel where he experienced first hand the land and historical landscape of the Bible.  David uses research of the top scholars in the fields of archaeology, history, culture, language and Biblical study as tools to explore the Biblical text more deeply.
Enjoying Everyday Life® is a daily TV and radio broadcast provided by Joyce Meyer Ministries.
The Briefing is a daily analysis of news and events from a Christian worldview.
"For the love" of...People. Home. Stories. Shoes. Family. Jesus. Community. TV. Travel. Food. Culture. The hilarious best-selling author and star of HGTV’s “My Big Family Renovation” invites you to drop by and catch up with her friends as they laugh and chat about all the things we love.
The Happy Hour Podcast is hosted by Jamie Ivey, and each week she brings a guest to the show. During the happy hour they will discuss anything and everything just as if you were around the table with your own girlfriends. Jamie loves to connect with women and encourage them as they journey through life. These conversations will make you laugh and cry all in one. The Happy Hour will be something you look forward to each week.  You will be encouraged as you listen to other women talk about the simplest things in life to the grandest. Grab a cup of coffee and enjoy the conversation!
The creators of The Bible Project have in-depth conversations about the Bible, theology, and history. A companion podcast to The Bible Project videos found on youtube.com/thebibleproject
Christian author and speaker Annie F. Downs shares with you some of her favorite things: new books, faith conversations, restaurants, travel stories, musicians not to miss, interviews with friends. Pretty much, if it sounds fun to Annie, you're gonna hear about it.
Welcome to the Craig Groeschel Leadership Podcast, a conversation designed to help you make the most of your potential as you work to become the leader God created you to be. Craig Groeschel is a speaker, author, and the Senior Pastor of Life.Church.
The Potter's Touch, a weekly program, with Bishop T.D. Jakes, tackles today's topics and confronts the hidden issues and invisible scars that go untreated. This broadcast carries healing and restoration into homes of hurting people, unearthing taboo topics and offering practical and spiritual solutions to life's toughest questions.
Learn, Love, and LIVE the Word! Join Pastor Rick Monday-Friday as he presents practical and applicable teaching from God’s Word that will give you daily hope. Apply biblical wisdom to your marriage, children, spiritual growth, hurts, habits, and purpose on this earth.  Listen every day for your daily hope. http://PastorRick.com
Welcome to the Your Move with Andy Stanley podcast. In this weekly 30-minute message from Andy, you will discover how to make better decisions and live with fewer regrets. So check out our website at www.yourmove.is for additional ways to watch, listen, and connect.
John Piper is founder and teacher of desiringGod.org; he is author of more than 50 books and travels regularly to preach and teach. New messages are posted to this podcast as they become available. Piper’s sermons, books, articles, and more are available free of charge at desiringGod.org. We want people everywhere to understand and embrace the truth that God is most glorified in us, when we are most satisfied in him.
Classic sermons by Tim Keller, Pastor Emeritus of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City and NY Times best-selling author of "The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism." For the latest sermons and additional resources, please visit https://www.GospelinLife.com
Audio Podcast with Francis Chan, best-selling author of Crazy Love, Forgotten God, Erasing Hell, Multiply, and You and Me Forever. Currently, he is planting churches in the San Francisco area. For more information visit: crazylove.org
Like sharing a cup of coffee with a friend, Lysa TerKeurst invites you to join her for one minute of everyday life encouragement and inspiration through: casual yet challenging and deep spiritual truths you can apply; down-to-earth, relevant biblical principals in bite-size pieces and real solutions for real struggles in the midst of your busy day!   EVERYDAY LIFE with Lysa is a production of Proverbs 31 Ministries
This is a famous Bible history that was used in Catholic schools for years and is actually the prototype of Bible histories. Containing 182 Chapters (which will be recorded as 182 episodes) covering both the Old and New Testaments, plus Study Questions for each Chapter, this book has educated generations of Catholic children from 6th grade through 8th grade-and beyond. Filled with quotes from the Douay-Rheims Bible, Schuster's Bible History conveys the reverence and holiness of the Faith as found in the Holy Bible itself. Here is the Scriptural background which should form the living heritage of every Catholic and without which a person will be ill-equipped to understand much of the meaning contained in the Gospels and Epistles of the New Testament. Bible History by Ignatius Schuster, D.D. gives an excellent synopsis of the story of the Bible.
The Village Church exists to bring glory to God by making disciples through gospel-centered worship, gospel-centered community, gospel-centered service and gospel-centered multiplication.
Podcast by SoulFood FM
Dr Mufti Ismail Menk is a leading global Islamic scholar born and raised in Zimbabwe. He studied Shariah in Madinah and holds a Doctorate of Social Guidance from Aldersgate University.



Mufti Menk’s work has gained worldwide recognition and he has been named one of “The Top 500 Most Influential Muslims in the World” since 2010.

He has millions of followers across his social media platforms. Mufti Menk’s personable style and down to earth approach has made him one of the most sought after scholars in our time. He has endeared himself to people with his much loved lecture series, a Mufti Menk trademark.



He travels the world spreading a simple but profound message: “Do good, help others while preparing for the Hereafter”.



He is active in the international arena and is a strong proponent of peace and justice, speaking up against all forms of terrorism.
Nouman Ali Khan is the founder and CEO of Bayyinah and serves as a lead instructor for several programs including Dream, traveling seminars and Bayyinah TV. His serious Arabic training began in the U.S. in 1999 under Dr. Abdus-Samie, founder and former principal of Quran College in Faisalabad, Pakistan.

Nouman served as a professor of Arabic at Nassau Community College until 2006 when he decided to take Bayyinah on as a full-time project. Since then he has taught more than 10,000 students through traveling seminars and programs. He currently resides in Dallas, Texas and is focusing on teaching his students, developing Arabic curricula and filming material for Bayyinah TV.
القران الكريم  كاملا بصوت الشيخ احمد العجمي  full holy quran by reciter shick: Ahmad bn Ali ALAjmy

الرجاء الدعاء بالرحمه و اعط التقيم لهذا البود كاست لنشره اكثر قال  النبي ‏ ‏صلى الله عليه وسلم ‏  الدال على الخير كفاعله 
رواه الترمذي

i hope everyone enjoy this podcast pls ask allah to mercy and publish this podcast with me
Shaykh Omar Suleiman is the young evergreen scholar with the big smile. Born and raised in Louisiana, he has a unique way of relating to a western audience through his character, and has gained the love of people of all ages and backgrounds. As an AlMaghrib instructor, Omar Suleiman lectures and teaches the hugely popular 'Behind the Scenes' seminar which focuses on the strengthening of the soul and disciplining the nafs.



His journey of seeking knowledge started in 2000 in the United Arab Emirates where he spent a few years at the feet of prestigious scholars such as Shaykh Tariq Ibn Rajah and Amr Al Sheshany. Since then he has sought knowledge and studied under Shaykh Salah As Sawy, Dr. Hatem Al Haj, his father in law Shaykh Abul Abed, and Al Allamah Shaykh Omar Al Ashqar (rahimahullah).



Shaykh Omar Suleiman has two Bachelor's degrees in Islamic Studies and in Accounting, a Master’s degree in Islamic Finance, and is currently pursuing a PhD in Islamic Studies from the International Islamic University of Malaysia.



He previously served as Imam for Masjid Abu Bakr As-Siddique in New Orleans for 6 years and has since dedicated himself to fulltime teaching. He has taught with Mishkah University (formerly Sharia Academy) since 2008 under Shaykh Salah As Sawy and also currently serves as the Director of the Islamic Learning Foundation in Texas, as well as being the resident scholar at Valley Ranch Islamic Centre.



Shaykh Omar Suleiman is also a strong advocate of community service, interfaith dialogue, and social justice. He served as the field coordinator of ICNA Relief in Hurricane Katrina and also co-founded the East Jefferson Clergy Interfaith Council. In 2010, the Mayor and City Council of New Orleans awarded him for 'Outstanding Civic Achievement'. He is a current member of the ICNA Shariah Council.
اناشيد اسلامية من الاناشيد التي تعجبني و اتمنى ان تعجبكم
اسألكم الدعاء لي ولوالدي
مجالس باسم الكربلائي لسنة  ١٤٣٧هـ
Khutbah's, Lectures, & More from Qalam Institute.
Each week, we share an essential, relevant spiritual teaching from the religion of Islam designed to let you re-discover the simple beauty & spiritual depth of Islam – beyond the headlines. 

From insider-views to guest-expert interviews, each week, you’ll find a safe-space in which you can openly explore the most controversial religion on earth. Tune in each Tuesday for weekly insights that will increase your consciousness.
We often overlook Islamic history as a learning tool. The history of Islam is not only important for Muslims, but important for everyone. Islam and the people who call themselves Muslims have made an enormous impact on our world. The Islamic History Podcast is about discovering that history in a fun and interesting way.
الشيخ ماهر المعيقلي
محاضرات الشيخ الوائلي المتوفرة في النت
صوتيات الشيعة
برنامج السرد المجود 
في سنته السادسة - رمضان ١٤٣٩ ھ
الكتاب السادس - صحيح مسلم
بعد صلاة الفجر 
في المسجد النبوي 
للشيخ د. صالح بن عبد الله بن حمد العصيمي وفقه الله 
الطبعة المعتمدة: طبعة العامرة 
أوصى الشيخ بالطبعة التركية، وقال بأن أحسن نسخة لها: اعتناء د. زهير الناصر
• نسخة مصورة من الكتاب 
📖 للقراءة
http://bit.ly/2GoMa3s
📲 للتحميل (PDF)
http://bit.ly/2GowU6G
Yasir Qadhi was born in Houston, Texas and completed his primary and secondary education in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. He graduated with a B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering from the University of Houston, after which he was accepted as a student at the Islamic University of Madinah. After completing a diploma in Arabic, he graduated with a B.A. from the College of Hadith and Islamic Sciences. Thereafter, he completed a M.A. in Islamic Theology from the College of Dawah, after which he returned to America and completed his doctorate, in Religious Studies, from Yale University. Currently he is teaching at Rhodes College, in Memphis, TN.
Interviews with Scholars of Islam about their New Books
بودكاست خاص بالمصحف الكامل للقارئ احمد العجمي من موقع المكتبة الصوتية للقرآن الكريم أم بي 3 قرآن http://www.mp3quran.net Mp3 Quran
Islam, Faith, Courses and Current Issues
أعذب التلاوات على الآيتونز
Muslim Audio Hub
Unorthodox is the world’s leading Jewish podcast™ - but you don’t have to be Jewish to love it! Hosted by Mark Oppenheimer, Stephanie Butnick, and Liel Leibovitz of Tablet Magazine, each episode we bring you interesting guests (one Jewish and one gentile), News of the Jews, and so much more.
A bite-size podcast that discusses Modern Hebrew language gems. Host Guy Sharett explains what we can learn about Israeli psyche, society, and culture through the Hebrew language.
Listen in as Dan Libenson and Lex Rofes analyze pressing issues for 21st century American Judaism. Mixing their own analysis with interviews of leading thinkers, practitioners, and even "regular Jews," Dan and Lex look to push past the bounds of what it means to be Jewish in the 21st century.
On the Other Hand: Ten Minutes of Torah, a podcast presented by ReformJudaism.org.

Each week, Rabbi Rick Jacobs, President of the Union For Reform Judaism, will offer divrei Torah (insights into the weekly Torah portion) to help open up Jewish thought and its contemporary influence on your life. He condenses 2,000 years of Jewish wisdom into just 10 minutes of modern-day commentary.

There are plenty of ways to interpret Torah and we want to hear what you think. You can weigh in on this week’s Torah portion by talking to us on Twitter  @URJ or at Facebook.com/reformjudaism.
Rabbi Yaakov Wolbe's Jewish History Lectures. Please email questions or comments to rabbiwolbe@gmail.com
Follow the audio shiurim, lectures and speeches of Rabbi Lord Jonathan Sacks, global religious leader, philosopher, author of over 30 books and moral voice for our time. Among other activity, Rabbi Sacks is currently the Ingeborg and Ira Rennert Global Distinguished Professor of Judaic Thought at New York University, the Kressel and Ephrat Family University Professor of Jewish Thought at Yeshiva University, and Professor of Law, Ethics and the Bible at King’s College London. Rabbi Sacks served as Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth between September 1991 and September 2013. A full biography - together with an extensive online archive of Rabbi Sacks' work - is available at www.rabbisacks.org or you can follow him on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram @rabbisacks.
Judaism has a deep and rich tradition of storytelling, of passing down stories from one generation to the next. To carry on that tradition, Stories We Tell, from ReformJudaism.org, will share a new story with you every Thursday. Whether you listen while driving to work, preparing Shabbat dinner, or taking your kids to school, each episode will give you a new story to reflect on and discuss with the people in your life.
 
Stories We Tell is a project of the Union for Reform Judaism, a leading voice in the discussion of modern Jewish life.
Interview with Scholar of Judaism about their New Books
What is Judaism?  What is Kosher?  Why the land of Israel? What do Jew believe about God?  These are things that you know you should know.  Maybe you remember learning them in Hebrew school, but some how you can not quite recall. 

Mottle and Batya Wolfe live in Israel and have wrestled with these questions themselves.  Always funny and informative, join them and journey into the STUFF JEWS SHOULD KNOW!
Brief lessons in Jewish spirituality based on Torah by Rabbi David Bassous: Love and Marriage; The Power of the Mind; Success; The Way of God etc.
Israeli Bible scholar Nehemia Gordon uncovers ancient Hebrew sources to empower people with information to build their faith and defend the Word of God. Nehemia Gordon is a Karaite Jew with a Masters Degree from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He has experience with ancient Hebrew manuscripts from the Dead Sea Scrolls to the Hebrew Matthew.
Showcasing the latest developments in the realm of academic and professional research and literature, about the Middle East and global affairs. We discuss Israeli, Arab and Palestinian society, the Jewish world, the Middle East and its conflicts, and issues of global and public affairs with scholars, writers and deep-thinkers.
Study the parsha like never before with The OU’s Shnayim Mikra – an aliya a day, every day, with some of the most popular teachers of Torah and Nach.
The Torah Means Teacher podcast welcomes you!  Please join our discussions and sit in our Torah study class held at Congregation Beth Yeshurun in Houston, TX.  The class is lead and taught by Dr. Nahum Roman Footnick.  Dr. Footnick is not a Rabbi, nor does he work for the synagogue (and his views expressed are not necessarily those of the synagogue).  Rather, in 2010 he was simply invited by the rabbis of the shul to host a class.  A short time after, his classes became quite popular.  Because Dr. Footnick teaches the Torah in manner that makes it accessable for all (Jews, Christians, atheist, and anyone), he was asked to record his sessions for references and for those unable to attend.  Now those recordings are available to all as a FREE podcast.  So, if you have ever had an interest in: God, Torah (Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy), the Bible, Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Atheism, Buddhism, Hinduism, Hebrew, Sumer, Philosophy, Psychology, NLP, Hypnosis, Egyptology, Archeology, Science, Miracles, Aliens, Angels, Despotism, Communism, Liberty, Americanism, Israel, Ethics, Morality, Holiness, Goodness, Evil, Free Will, and much, MUCH more then you will enjoy Torah Means Teacher as all these areas are frequently discussed in one manner or another.  Nahum utilizes commentary from many sources.  Most dominant are Dennis Prager, Jacob Milgrom, Nahum Sarna, Umberto Cassuto, Nehama Leibowitz, and of course many other Rabbis like Rashi, Rambam, Ramban, etc.
Jewish Educator, Tour Guide, Story teller and all round fun guy!
A series originally geared towards rabbis, now open to all, Dr. David Kraemer the Joseph J. and Dora Abbell Librarian and professor of Talmud and Rabbinics at The Jewish Theological Seminary discusses important topics in Jewish life.
YUTORAH: R' Aryeh Lebowitz Recent Shiurim
In the Podsha is a discussion based Parsha podcast. Each week I will discuss two ideas with a guest educator surrounding the weeks Torah portion. They'll bring their own insights and personalities to that week. I hope it is insightful and accessible.

Now it's easier than ever before to learn on the go, Enjoy!
The «Pardes from Jerusalem» Parsha Series features the renowned Pardes faculty using Torah, Talmud and other Jewish texts to explain themes from the weekly portion. 



The Pardes Institute of Jewish Studies is an open, co-ed and non-denominational Jewish learning community, based in Jerusalem and with programs worldwide. Students encounter and grapple with classic texts and traditions of Judaism, while exploring their relevance to today’s most pressing issues. Pardes empowers students with the knowledge and tools to take ownership of their Jewish experience.



For more information about all our programs and events see www.pardes.org.il
Teachings from Rabbi David Levine and the weekly services at Beth Israel Messianic Synagogue in Jacksonville, Florida.
Jason Zuk, an intuitive psychic medium since 2004, will cover a variety of topics associated with Spirituality, Mediumship, & Connecting to the Other Side.
For people interested in mindfulness and meditation and experiencing aspects of spiritual awakening. Learn practical ways to meditate; explore your intuitive talents; helpful life skills; and science that supports these experiences. www.marijopuleo.com
Author and Wellness Personality Sahara Rose @IAmSaharaRose is the fresh young voice for the modern spiritual movement, called "a leading voice in the millennial generation into the new paradigm shift" by Deepak Chopra. In her podcast, she shares how you can tune into your unique gifts, find your purpose, live in your Dharma and blossom into your highest self. From understanding your mission on this planet to sharing it with the world, this podcast is the spiritual friend you wish you had, who lifts you up and gets you on all levels. Namaste and welcome.
Discover your mind-body type on Sahara's unique Dosha quiz and join her Doshas + Dharma Program at www.iamsahararose.com. Follow her on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter at @IAmSaharaRose
The RobCast is a weekly podcast by Rob Bell
Pray-as-you-go brings together music, a passage of scripture and a few questions for personal reflection in a new 10-13 minute prayer session every day. Produced by the British Jesuits.
Join host Hypnotherapist Chel Hamilton for short, guided meditations to calm your anxiety, overcome negative thinking, increase your confidence, and more - in 15 minutes or less!
Please Note: The meditations presented in this series are from a wide variety of sources and do not subscribe to any particular religious ideology. Every effort is made to present the meditation techniques in this podcast series in a non-dogmatic, non-religious based way.
Please do not listen to this meditation podcast or any other meditations while doing something that requires your complete attention... like driving your car. Stay safe - thanks!
For more information and meditations visit: http://chelhamilton.com
Consistently maintaining an elevated vibration should be the aim of every spiritual seeker. In an effort to help our listeners achieve that aim, every Wednesday, host Brandon Beachum interviews a different consciousness change-maker that is helping to pave the way for humanity as we collectively transition into a state of expanded consciousness and awareness. As a feature, he also gets them to share any fascinating stories of synchronicity or positive paranormal happenings that they have experienced. 

On the other weekdays, Brandon features clips from various spiritual teachers, give interpretations of his favorite quotes, shares a bit of mind-expanding or mysterious news, and digs into various mind-expansive topics that will help keep your soul fed on a regular basis. It's a daily conscious effort to keep a Positive Head and we're here to help you keep your consciousness elevated!
Every month Mediums in Action, Ian Doherty and Martin Litt-Wilson explore mediumship and psychic ability as well as a range of topics including the paranormal, ghosts, spirituality and the consciousness.
A weekly podcast on topics related to astrology, hosted by professional astrologer Chris Brennan. The purpose of the show is to provide high-level discussions ranging from explorations of specific astrological techniques, to treatments of issues pertaining to the history and philosophy of astrology.
Law of Attraction - with Robert Zink is about exploring the Secret Temple within to release the full power of the Law of Attraction. Noted Speaker and Healer of the ancient wisdom of Hermes, Robert Zink, will take you deep within your own Secret Temple. Learn the magical secrets of the Law of Attraction. Unlock secrets to the life you want through ancient wisdom and the Law of Attraction.  Experience love, money, abundance, success, health and much more. Release the power of the Universe to live the life you want.  You have no limits and the secrets revealed on this Law of Attraction podcast will teach you how to tap into your full power. 
 Explore riveting topics such as: The Law of Attraction, Angelic Evocation and Communion, Kabalah, Manifestation Magic, Spiritual and Physical Healing, Astral Travel, Lucid Dreaming, Psychic Intuition, Achievement and Abundance Alchemy, Neuro-linguistic Alchemy (NLP), Meditation, the Wisdom of Hermes and the Golden Dawn, and so much more – The Law of Attraction is part of www.lawofattractionsolutions.com
Using the wisdom of the Enneagram, and ongoing discussion and conversation, we will grow compassion for ourselves and others, as well as a better understanding for why we do what we do!
Since 2006, Anything Ghost has been sharing people's personal paranormal experiences. The stories are sent to Lex Wahl, who reads the experiences and sometimes adds music and effects to the background.
Fr. Richard Rohr's Homilies at Holy Family Church, Albuquerque, NM. 
To see and listen to the entire list of homilies, please click on "Website" to the left side under "LINKS". 
Visit cac.org for additional resources and programs by Fr. Richard and the CAC.
Speeches given at BYU before the year 2000.
MarriageToday with Jimmy & Karen is co-hosted by best-selling author and speaker, Jimmy Evans and his wife Karen. Jimmy is author of the books Marriage on the Rock, The Right One and Strengths Based Marriage. MarriageToday with Jimmy & Karen is a daily program that provides hope and help for marriage and family relationships.
Spiritual Teachings, where Tami Simon, Founder and Publisher of Sounds True interviews spiritual teachers, visionary writers, and living luminaries about their newest work and current challenges—the growing edge of their inner inquiry and outer contribution to the world.
Psychic Teachers Podcast features two well known intuitives -- Deb Bowen and Samantha Fey -- helping listeners learn how to embrace their inner psychic.  Tune in and listen to these funny ladies discuss everything from ghosts and energy vampires to chakra clearing and spirit guides.
Join us as we explore the rich culture, philosophies, techniques, and stories from the east that have endured millenniums and continue to enrich the lives of billions in the modern world. Mantras, meditation, Buddha, yoga, alternative healing, and the Hindu pantheon of gods- we cover it all. We promise you'll quickly realize why the east has been beloved throughout history. Lofty ideas and down-to-earth wisdom make our show inspiring, practical, and even life changing! 

For daily inspiration, be sure to check out our blog: http://www.SivanaEast.com

Shop our store at:
http://www.SivanaSpirit.com
A happy, hippie place where Magick with a "K" meets The Law Of Attraction.
Each weekday morning, the team of women behind iBelieve.com bring you a devotional and prayer through your favorite podcast app to help you start your day in conversation with God.
Ram Dass shares his heart-centered wisdom in each episode featuring excerpted lectures given throughout the last 40 years, with an introduction from Raghu Markus of Ram Dass' Love Serve Remember Foundation.
The Krishna Das Pilgrim Heart Hour features Krishna Das’ no-nonsense take on everyday struggles for finding balance on the spiritual path. Through the honesty, humility and humor of his own personal experiences, he points to the possibility of navigating life’s trials with a true inner yearning for truth. His own practice of kirtan or chant is the well stone of his ability to share from his spiritual heart. As KD says, “Love is a disease - we catch it from those who have it.”
Mantra-Chants from Yoga Vidya Ashram Germany. Sometimes enthusiastic, sometimes in a more meditative mood; sometimes classical, sometimes more modern. Sivananda tradition.
Traditional recitation of the Vedas with explanations and Indian music
The Song Celestial unfolds a dialogue of the advice given by an avatar or God incarnate. The recipient of the message is Arjuna, the prototype of the struggling human soul who is ready to receive the great knowledge by his close companionship and increasing nearness to the divine Self within himself. 
This symbolic companionship of Krishna and Arjuna, the divine and the human soul is further dramatized by the fact that their dialogue takes place amidst the din and clamor of a battlefield. The teacher in the Gita is therefore not only the God who is transcendent but also the God in man who unveils Himself through an increasing knowledge... 
                                                                     Vanamali, Nitya Yoga.  
Aldous Huxley, asserts that ‘The Bhagavad Gita occupies an intermediate position between scripture and theology; for it combines the poetical qualities of the first with the clear-cut methodicalness of the second. ‘The book may be described’ writes Ananda K. Coomaraswamy in his admirable Hinduism and Buddhism, ‘as a compendium of the whole doctrine to be found in the earlier Vedas, Brahmanas and Upanishads, and being therefore the basis of all the The later developments, it can be regarded as the focus of all Indian religion...
...But this focus of Indian religion is also one of the clearest and most comprehensive summaries of the perennial philosophy ever to have been made. Hence its enduring value, not only for Indians, but for all mankind’.
The Bhagavad Gita (Song Celestial) offers an understanding of The Great Mystery, which has inspired many of the giants of the Western intellectual tradition. The transcendentalist poets Emerson, Thoreau, and Whitman were students of The Bhagavad Gita. Thoreau wrote: ‘In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous cosmological philosophy of The Bhagavad Gita, in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial.’
Emerson, referring to the Gita, wrote: ‘It was the first of books. It was as if an empire spoke to us, nothing small or unworthy, but large, serene, consistent, the voice of an old intelligence which in another age . . . had pondered and thus disposed of the same questions which exercise us.’
This is a series of discourses on the liberating teachings of the Srimad Bhagavad Gita (Song Celestial) by Mataji (Mother) Vanamali, Vanamali Gita Yogasram, Rishikesh, North India.
Vanamali Mataji is the author of The Lila Hindu World Heritage Library. Her books include: a translation of the Srimad Bhagavad Gita, Nitya Yoga, a commentary on the Bhagavad Gita,  Sri Krishna Lila, Sri Rama Lila, Sri Shiva Lila, Sri Devi Lila, Sri Hanuman Lila, Lilas of the Sons of Shiva, Gurudeva  and The Taste Divine. Sri Devi Lila is published in the U.S. as  Shakti: Realm of The Divine Mother , Sri Hanuman Lila  as  Hanuman: The Devotion and Power of The Monkey God.
Each talk is introduced with the Sanskrit invocations and chanting of the Gita chapter. Then Mataji Vanamali offers a line-by-line illumination of Shri Krishna's liberating teachings.
We invite you to visit our website: www.Vanamaliashram.org
and enjoy our Pilgrims Guide, Discourses and Book & Music store.
Gita for Daily Living is a weekly podcast that distils the wisdom of the Bhagavad Gita and presents it in a way that is action-able and relevant to daily life
The Ramayan Podcast is an episodic reading of Sri Tulsidas's Ramacharitramanas, a popular version of the Ramayana
Sacred Hindu Mantras recited by Sandeep Khurana
Composed by Sandeep Khurana
In the Ask Sri Vishwanath show you can bring in your questions and Sri Vishwanath will answer them for you live.

He is the author of The Secret of Bhagavad Gita and runs the Bhagavad Gita University( www.bhagavadgitauniversity.com)



Each session runs from 9 to 20 minutes and is packed with the wisdom and secrets of Bhagavad Gita. Simple to absorb easy to implement. You will love these subtle teachings of Bhagavad Gita and want to visit them again and again. You can also down the Bhagavad gita pdf and bhagavad gita summary from his website www.bhagavadgitauniversity.com. The best way to get in touch with him is to email him at free109@gmail.com with the Sub line: Bhagavad Gita Itunes.
Om Namaha Shivaya - Shiva Mantra Chants recited by Sandeep Khurana
Spiritual Discourses given at Kali Mandir, a traditional Hindu temple located in Laguna Beach, California dedicated to the worship of Divine Mother Kali in the tradition of Sri Ramakrishna
Swami Sivananda's Original Voice: Kirtans, Mantra-Chanting, Instructional Songs, Short Talks and Lectures. Highly inspiring. Historical Recordings of Swami Sivananda, 1887-1963, one of the great Yoga Masters of the 20th Century, Founder of The Divine Life Society. The inspiring and guiding force behind Yoga Vidya, Sivananda Yoga Vedanta International, Integral Yoga Institue, Bihar School of Yoga and many other Yoga movements.
Teachings by Yogesvara (Joshua M. Greene).

Here's an ideal course for enriching your yoga in the company of inspired teachers and students. Each session includes readings, analysis, audiovisuals, verse recitations and practical insights in India's essential wisdom text. Attendees will discover the message of the Gita, master basic vocabulary and concepts, and acquire skills for teaching and practicing Gita philosophy. 

For more information on attending one of our classes live please visit our website at www.atma.org/event/current-events 

Click here to like us on https://www.facebook.com/gitawisdomteachings?ref=bookmarks
Each of the 215 classes is of 10 minutes duration.  These are live recordings of the Guided meditation conducted for the benefit of students attending regular classes.  The Meditations have been developed with the objective of helping the student in progressing stage by stage.  They begin with relaxation techniques and culminate in contemplation meditation.
            
            These classes will help the listeners in understanding the progressive techniques of meditation.  Listeners can also use these classes for guided meditation.
            
            The entire collection of Swamiji's talks is available at the Poornalayam website.
Weekly podcast with news, discussions, interviews, meditations all about Krishna.
This podcast covers Gita in its True perspective.
5200 years long interval Srimad Bhagavad Gita in its authentic and everlasting exposition : The Science of Religion for Mankind : Yatharth Geeta by Swami Adgadanand.
This is the story of the Lord’s descent on earth as Rama, the seventh incarnation of Lord Vishnu, scion of the race of Raghu, pinnacle of human perfection.
Place the name RAMA as a jeweled lamp at the door of your lips and there will be light both inside and out...
                                            Sri Tulsi Dass.
The seventeenth of July Dakshinayanam starts, the 6 months of the year when the sun starts its northward journey. This is a very important month spiritually.The first 7 days are normally given to reading the Ramayana.  Vanamali Ashram is grateful to carry on this ancient tradition and offer this reading of Sri Rama Lila, Vanamali’s translation of this timeless legend.--
This is the story of the Lord’s descent on earth as Rama, the seventh incarnation of Lord Vishnu, scion of the race of Raghu, pinnacle of human perfection.--
Anyone who reads this wonderful book cannot help but be moved to tears. It will make him or her ecstatic. The beauty of this book is that it is  written by one who has great love and devotion for Sri Rama. It touches some subtle chords in the readers heart... The more we read it, the more devotion we develop. --Sri Swami Satchidanandaji Maharaj, Anandashram, Kanhanghad.--
With prose as verdant as the Indian forest, Vanamali lovingly renders the timeless epic, the Ramayana... Prepare to be transported! -- Richard Schiffman, Author of Mother of All. --
At the conclusion of each Canto, Vanamali Mataji recites a verse from the The Yoga Vasishta , traditionally attributed to Valmiki, the author of the Ramayana. The Yoga Vasishta is a dialogue between Sage Vasishta and Sri Rama, during which Advaita (the doctrine of non-duality) is expounded.
Vanamali is a contemporary Hindu contemplative, teacher, and author. She lives in a small ashram in Rishikesh, an ancient place of pilgrimage in the foothills of India's holy Himalayas.--
Vanamali Mataji is the author of The Lila Hindu World Heritage Library. Her books include: a translation of the Srimad Bhagavad Gita, Nitya Yoga, a commentary on the Bhagavad Gita,  Sri Krishna Lila, Sri Rama Lila, Sri Shiva Lila, Sri Devi Lila, Sri Hanuman Lila, Lilas of the Sons of Shiva, Gurudeva  and The Taste Divine. Sri Devi Lila is published in the U.S. as  Shakti: Realm of The Divine Mother , Sri Hanuman Lila  as  Hanuman: The Devotion and Power of The Monkey God. We invite you to visit www.Vanamaliashram.org
and enjoy our Pilgrims Guide, Bhagavad Gita Discourses and Book and Music store.
This podcast contants Classes and Lectures that I record at the Dallas ISKCON Hare Krishna temple. I also record what I can when I travel to other temples.
A non-technical perspective on Jyotish (Indian astrology) presented through conversations with leading practitioners of this ancient art. We are not giving jyotish lessons, but rather attempting to show what is possible to know through Jyotish, what Jyotish can teach us about ourselves and the world, how Jyotish works, and how it relates to the great vedic tradition of ancient India.  Listening to these podcasts will inspire you to learn more and will help to make a reading of your individual chart more meaningful and profound.
Welcome to Oh No, Ross and Carrie!, the show where we don’t just report on fringe science, spirituality, and claims of the paranormal, but take part ourselves. Follow us as we join religions, undergo alternative treatments, seek out the paranormal, and always find the humor in life’s biggest mysteries. We show up - so you don’t have to. Every month we share a new investigation, along with occasional bonus interviews and updates.
Directory providing links to LDS Podcasts
The Atheist Experience is a weekly Internet television show based in Austin, Texas geared at a non-atheist audience. Every week we field live calls from atheists and believers alike, and you never know what you're going to get! Sometimes it can get quite feisty indeed! You don't want to miss it. Our other shows include: Godless Bitches, The Non-Prophets, Talk Heathen, Atheist Community of Austin Lecture Series, & The Preaching Humanist.
You can see the emerging consciousness movement everywhere: the mainstreaming of mindfulness and yoga, the popularity of all things witchy, the growing interest in whole plant botanical medicines, the respectful study of indigenous wisdom traditions, the rise of the divine feminine, and the long overdue awakening to the potential of psychedelics. Each week host Ken Jordan talks with guests who share insightful stories about their own awakening experiences, and how they bring that awareness into what they do in the world.
Frank and Dan's off-the-cuff conversations focus on current events cast through the lens of their shared atheism. Episodes include a rundown of six news stories from the prior week, and the show occasionally features interviews with writers, thinkers, and leaders in the atheist community. As former Mormons, the hosts provide insight into the often misunderstood religious minority.
Bite-sized lessons for Astrology beginners created by Theresa Reed, The Tarot Lady.
Curious about astrology? Want to learn the basics—but don’t have tons of time? Want things to be short and snappy? This podcast is for you! With Astrology Bytes, you can learn about astrology in super-short bursts. Each episode is 15 minutes or less. Your host, Theresa Reed, breaks things down into plain, easy-to-understand explanations. 

No complicated jargon or tedious philosophical lectures here. Just simple, fun instructions that will get you understanding astrology in no time.
Los relatos más escalofriantes llegan a usted a través de La Mano Peluda.
JW Podcast provides a blend of the latest Jehovah's Witness news and events, whilst looking at older, funnier Watchtower teachings, and interviewing guests, all within a 45 minute, biweekly podcast.
A weekly discussion for the established church about the challenges and issues church leaders face. Led by Micah Fries (Brainerd Baptist, Chattanooga TN), Sam Rainer (West Bradenton Baptist Church, Bradenton FL) and Josh King (Sachse's Church, Sachse TX). The show is produced by Jay Allen (facebook.com/jayallenlive/) in Dallas TX.
A weekly show, broadcast live from Madison, Wis., on 92.1 FM, Saturdays 11 a.m. to 12 noon. Hosted by Dan Barker and Annie Laurie Gaylor, co-presidents, Freedom From Religion Foundation. Slightly irreverent views, news, music and interviews.
A typical episode of the HH podcast features interviews, commentary, news, and music. Notable guests have included Sir Salman Rushdie, Prof. Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Christopher Hitchens, E.O. Wilson, Alan Dershowitz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Andy Rooney, Greg Graffin of Bad Religion, Holly Near, Dar Williams and Julia Sweeney.
The HH podcast is hosted and produced by Bo Bennett, PhD, from the American Humanist Association.
Mormon Discussions is the landing place for all of your favorite Mormon Podcasts.  Tackling deeper complex issues within Mormonism one episode at a time.  With podcasts like Mormon Discussion, Radio Free Mormon, Mormon Awakenings, The Mormon Wellness Project, The Mormon History Podcast, Marriage on a Tightrope, The Cognitive Dissidents podcast, and others you will be sure to have the resources and tools to navigate your Mormonism!!!
Writer and speaker, Ryan Bell, of A Year Without God, shares insightful commentary on religion and irreligion in North America and engaging interviews with believers, heretics and the uncertain.

Irvin Baxter is the founder and president of Endtime Ministries in Plano, TX and has been studying Bible prophecy for almost 50 years. End of the Age airs Monday – Friday at 3:00PM CT on radio stations throughout the US and webcasted live at www.endtime.com. Irvin is a sought-after conference speaker and provides explanations on world events from a biblical perspective. Irvin’s lessons include United States Discovered in the Bible, New World Order is World Government, Islam in Bible Prophecy, World War 3, The Holy Roman Empire Reborn, 666 Mark of the Beast, The Coming One-World Religion, The 7 Trumpets, The Second Coming, Kingdom of God, This Generation Shall Not Pass, When Will the Rapture Happen?, and more.
Weekly astrology forecast, plus listener charts & questions, astrologer interviews, world events & more. One of iTunes' top astrology podcasts. An astrological education!
Step into the unknown, the unexplained, and the unbelievable, we will test your senses and challenge your beliefs. In a world where science and religion clash, or do they? This is Ghost Chronicles - The Next Generation... Welcome to the nightmare!
Join Ron Kolek (New England's own VanHelsing) and Anne Kerrigan (The Blond Bombshell) as they guide you through the dark and shadowy world of the ghost hunter. Listen as they delve into the dark halls of spirit lives and ghostly revelations. Do you believe? It matters not at all when you immerse yourself in New England’s spectral past and the bizarre world of Ghost Chronicles - The Next Generation.
Join me, Marie Kent, as I read all the Mormon canonical texts for the very first time. The Book of Mormon is done, now it's the fabulous world of the Doctrine and Covenants. Millions of people believe these books and live their lives by them… let’s see if we can find out why.
Beyond The Edge Radio is a two hour alternative talk radio show hosted by Eric Altman and Marie Samuels LIVE on Sunday nights at 8:00 to 10:00 PM ET on our new home at Para-X Radio @ www.para-x.com.  You can also hear us on Intrepid Paradigm Radio, Planet Paranormal and Tune In Radio.  We interview fascinating guests on a variety of topics including the paranormal, strange and supernatural, mysterious and the Macabre.  Anything unusual, and you'll find it right here!  To tune in live visit www.para-x.com or go to our official website at www.beyondtheedgeradio.com and click on listen live.  "Lock your doors, and open your minds!"  Alternative Talk Radio with an attitude!
The Religious Studies Project (RSP) is an international collaborative enterprise launched in January 2012, hosted by Christopher R. Cotter (University of Edinburgh, UK) and David G. Robertson (The Open University, UK), and supported by the British Association for the Study of Religions, North American Association for the Study of Religion and International Association for the History of Religions.  It features a weekly interview (of around 30 minutes) with leading scholars of Religious Studies and related fields. Our aim is to provide engaging, concise and reliable accounts of the most important concepts, traditions, scholars and methodologies in the fascinating contemporary study of religion, without pushing a religious or nonreligious agenda or resorting to presenting “fact files” about “World Religions”.  The Religious Studies Project is produced by The Religious Studies Project Association (SCIO), a Scottish Charitable Incorporated Organisation (charity number SC047750).



RSP material is disseminated under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. and can be distributed and utilised freely, provided full citation is given.
Shankar Vedantam uses science and storytelling to reveal the unconscious patterns that drive human behavior, shape our choices and direct our relationships.
A two-time Peabody Award-winner, Radiolab is an investigation told through sounds and stories, and centered around one big idea. In the Radiolab world, information sounds like music and science and culture collide. Hosted by Jad Abumrad and Robert Krulwich, the show is designed for listeners who demand skepticism, but appreciate wonder. 
WNYC Studios is the producer of other leading podcasts including Freakonomics Radio, Death, Sex & Money, On the Media and many more.
The Sword and Scale true-crime podcast is an immersive audio experience covering the underworld of criminal activity and the demented minds that perform the most despicable and unthinkable actions, proving that the worst monsters are very real.  We cover true-crime stories, high-profile trials, unsolved murders and missing persons cases.
Unseeable forces control human behavior and shape our ideas, beliefs, and assumptions. Invisibilia—Latin for invisible things—fuses narrative storytelling with science that will make you see your own life differently.
Join neuroscientist, philosopher, and best-selling author Sam Harris as he explores important and controversial questions about the human mind, society, and current events. 

Sam Harris is the author of five New York Times bestsellers. His books include The End of Faith, Letter to a Christian Nation, The Moral Landscape, Free Will, Lying, Waking Up, and Islam and the Future of Tolerance (with Maajid Nawaz). The End of Faith won the 2005 PEN Award for Nonfiction. His writing and public lectures cover a wide range of topics—neuroscience, moral philosophy, religion, meditation practice, human violence, rationality—but generally focus on how a growing understanding of ourselves and the world is changing our sense of how we should live. 

Harris's work has been published in more than 20 languages and has been discussed in The New York Times, Time, Scientific American, Nature, Newsweek, Rolling Stone, and many other journals. He has written for The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times, The Economist, The Times (London), The Boston Globe, The Atlantic, The Annals of Neurology, and elsewhere.

Sam Harris received a degree in philosophy from Stanford University and a Ph.D. in neuroscience from UCLA.
Deep in the back of your mind, you’ve always had the feeling that there’s something strange about reality. There is. Join Robert and Joe as they examine neurological quandaries, cosmic mysteries, evolutionary marvels and our transhuman future on Stuff To Blow Your Mind, a podcast from HowStuffWorks.com.
Science meets comedy and pop culture on StarTalk Radio! Astrophysicist and Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson, his comic co-hosts, guest celebrities and scientists discuss astronomy, physics, and everything else about life in the universe. But wait... there's more! Our new show, StarTalk All-Stars, features a revolving slate of all-star scientists and science educators including Bill Nye the Science Guy, backed up by your favorite comic co-hosts.

Catch new episodes of StarTalk Radio on Fridays at 7pm ET, and StarTalk All-Stars on Tuesdays at 7pm ET. Keep Looking Up!
Learn research-tested strategies for a happier, more meaningful life, drawing on the science of compassion, gratitude, mindfulness, and awe. Hosted by award-winning professor Dacher Keltner. Co-produced by PRI and UC Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center.
Brain fun for curious people.
There are a lot of fads, blogs and strong opinions, but then there’s SCIENCE. Science Vs is the show from Gimlet Media that finds out what’s fact, what’s not, and what’s somewhere in between. We do the hard work of sifting through all the science so you don't have to. This season we tackle sex addiction, nuclear war, Lyme disease, and serial killers.
Whether the topic is popcorn or particle physics, you can count on BrainStuff to explore -- and explain -- the everyday science in the world around us.
We're half advice show, half survival guide. We answer all your questions, from how to find a date, to how to find water in the desert.
Some of the world's greatest scientists, doctors and medical researchers share their discoveries and visions onstage at the TED conference, TEDx events and partner events around the world. You can also download these and many other videos free on TED.com, with an interactive English transcript and subtitles in up to 80 languages. TED is a nonprofit devoted to Ideas Worth Spreading.
The Best of Coast to Coast AM podcast, hosted by George Noory. A media phenomenon, Coast to Coast AM deals with UFOs, strange occurrences, life after death, and other unexplained (and often inexplicable) phenomena.
At Popular Science, we report and write dozens of science and tech stories every week. And while a lot of the fun facts we stumble across make it into our articles, there are lots of other weird facts that we just keep around the office. So we figured, why not share those with you? Welcome to The Weirdest Thing I Learned This Week.
New editions released bi-weekly! Find out how to get weekly podcasts by visiting our website. Join K-Town for some fascinating discussions on all aspects of the paranormal, conspiracy theories, UFO's, cryptozoology, mysterious places, the unexplained, the occult, ancient history, true crime and more with the foremost experts, survivors & experiencers in the world. If you want to enjoy more free editions go to MysteriousRadio.com.
A DAILY paranormal podcast filled with real ghost stories of horror, told by real people. Stories that encompass all areas of the paranormal, supernatural, demonic, ghost investigations, haunted houses, possessions, shadow people, the unexplained and more. Some listeners describe our true ghost stories as “a podcast full of great spooky stories”. Another listener writes “not the same old boring zombies, vampires, witches and werewolves! This is the best ghost story podcast out there”, and another subscriber writes “combines the best parts of other ghost-story and paranormal podcasts and delivers a solid, spooky experience” that’s “better than Coast to Coast AM, George Noorey or Art Bell”. Subscribe to Real Ghost Stories Online today and don’t miss an episode of our daily ghost podcast. Call in your real ghost stories anytime at 1-855-853-4802 - or write in through our website http://www.realghoststoriesonline.com.
If you have a real ghost story or supernatural event to report, please write into our show or call! Visit http://www.realghoststoriesonline.com or call-in your ghost story 24/7 at 1-855-853-4802.
Host Darren Marlar brings you true stories of the paranormal, supernatural, unexplained, unsolved, and all else creepy and macabre.  Stories submitted by published authors and fans of the show. Follow the show online at http://www.WeirdDarkness.com.
Sword and Scale Rewind, hosted by Matt Fondiler and Stefanie Wilder-Taylor, is the aftershow for the popular true-crime podcast Sword and Scale.
Supercharge your learning and enhance your practice with this Internal Medicine Podcast featuring board certified Internists as they interview national and international experts to bring you clinical pearls and practice changing knowledge. Doctors Matthew Watto, Stuart Brigham, and Paul Williams deliver some knowledge food for your brain hole. No boring lectures here, just high value content and a healthy dose of humor. Fantastic podcast for Internal Medicine, Family Medicine, Primary Care, and Hospital Medicine. Topics include heart disease, obesity, diabetes, cardiac imaging, migraines, fibromyalgia, hypertension, cholesterol, osteoporosis, insomnia, testosterone, functional medicine, dementia, and more!
A two-time Peabody Award-winner, Radiolab is an investigation told through sounds and stories, and centered around one big idea. In the Radiolab world, information sounds like music and science and culture collide. Hosted by Jad Abumrad and Robert Krulwich, the show is designed for listeners who demand skepticism, but appreciate wonder. 
WNYC Studios is the producer of other leading podcasts including Freakonomics Radio, Death, Sex & Money, On the Media and many more.
Science meets comedy and pop culture on StarTalk Radio! Astrophysicist and Hayden Planetarium director Neil deGrasse Tyson, his comic co-hosts, guest celebrities and scientists discuss astronomy, physics, and everything else about life in the universe. But wait... there's more! Our new show, StarTalk All-Stars, features a revolving slate of all-star scientists and science educators including Bill Nye the Science Guy, backed up by your favorite comic co-hosts.

Catch new episodes of StarTalk Radio on Fridays at 7pm ET, and StarTalk All-Stars on Tuesdays at 7pm ET. Keep Looking Up!
Whether the topic is popcorn or particle physics, you can count on BrainStuff to explore -- and explain -- the everyday science in the world around us.
A DAILY paranormal podcast filled with real ghost stories of horror, told by real people. Stories that encompass all areas of the paranormal, supernatural, demonic, ghost investigations, haunted houses, possessions, shadow people, the unexplained and more. Some listeners describe our true ghost stories as “a podcast full of great spooky stories”. Another listener writes “not the same old boring zombies, vampires, witches and werewolves! This is the best ghost story podcast out there”, and another subscriber writes “combines the best parts of other ghost-story and paranormal podcasts and delivers a solid, spooky experience” that’s “better than Coast to Coast AM, George Noorey or Art Bell”. Subscribe to Real Ghost Stories Online today and don’t miss an episode of our daily ghost podcast. Call in your real ghost stories anytime at 1-855-853-4802 - or write in through our website http://www.realghoststoriesonline.com.
If you have a real ghost story or supernatural event to report, please write into our show or call! Visit http://www.realghoststoriesonline.com or call-in your ghost story 24/7 at 1-855-853-4802.
Leading science journalists provide a daily minute commentary on some of the most interesting developments in the world of science. For a full-length, weekly podcast you can subscribe to Science Talk: The Podcast of Scientific American . To view all of our archived podcasts please go to www.scientificamerican.com/podcast
Astronomy Cast brings you a weekly fact-based journey through the cosmos.
The X Podcast is a brand new show that shares true stories of shadowy figures, moving objects, strange voices, and terrifying experiences that have stayed with people to this very day. Oh, and it's best to listen in the dark….and alone….if you dare. Hosted by K-Town who is a a proud military veteran.
The Grave Talks is the weekly paranormal interview show hosted by Tony Brueski from the wildly popular Real Ghost Stories Online podcast. The podcast hosts new guests each week who share their haunting experiences with ghosts and the spirit world. Stories that encompass all areas of the paranormal, supernatural, demonic, ghost investigations, haunted houses, possessions, shadow people, the unexplained and more. Please be sure to subscribe to our weekly paranormal interview show "The Grave Talks" and give us a review to help us grow! Check out our website for more episodes and behind the scenes images and videos from the show.
A podcast about mysteries from anywhere and everywhere - the unusual, the strange, the perplexing and the down-right odd.
This Podcast was created using www.talkshoe.com
The most interesting people in the world of science and technology.



STEM-Talk is an interview podcast show produced by the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, a not-for-profit research lab pioneering ground-breaking technologies aimed at leveraging and extending human cognition, perception, locomotion and resilience. Twice a month, we talk to groundbreaking scientists, engineers and technologists. Our interviews focus on the science that our subjects are engaged with, as well as their careers, motivations, education, and passions. Think of them as “profiles in science.” Tune in every other Tuesday to our show—and if you like us, please write a review of STEM-talk on iTunes—and spread the word. 
People are seeing something in the woods and there are too many reports for this too be ignored. Join us every Sunday night as we discuss recent Sasquatch sightings, encounters and talk to Bigfoot eye witnesses. Listen as we speak with researchers, witnesses and investigators to unravel the mystery of Bigfoot. Every week we will also bring you the latest Bigfoot news and information. If you have had an encounter, shoot us an email at wes@sasquatchchronicles.com.

Additional episodes and content can be found on our website. Become a member today and receive access to our full back catalog of episodes, additional exclusive shows posted weekly, the ability to comment on Episodes and Blog entries, and access to our Forums.

For the latest news, please visit our blog. We can also be found on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, and YouTube.
Conversations about things that are science, things that are sort of science, and things that wish they were science. A member of the Brachiolope Media Network.
Big Picture Science: A smart and humorous take on emerging trends in science and technology. 

Tune in and make contact with science. We broadcast and podcast every week. bigpicturescience.org
Planetary Radio brings you the human adventure across our solar system and beyond.  We visit each week with the scientists, engineers, leaders, advocates and astronauts who are taking us across the final frontier. Regular features raise your space IQ while they put a smile on your face. Join host Mat Kaplan and Planetary Society colleagues including Bill Nye the Science Guy, Bruce Betts, and Emily Lakdawalla as they dive deep into the latest space news. The monthly Space Policy Edition takes you inside the DC beltway where the future of the US space program hangs in the balance.  Visit planetary.org/radio for the space trivia contest, an episode guide, and much more.
Each week we pair a comedian with a scientist, to break down the scientifically inaccurate elements of popular movies and TV shows. Warning: There will be spoilers.
Rationally Speaking is the bi-weekly podcast of New York City Skeptics. Join hosts Massimo Pigliucci and Julia Galef as they explore the borderlands between reason and nonsense, likely from unlikely, and science from pseudoscience. Any topic is fair game as long as we can bring reason to bear upon it, with both a skeptical eye and a good dose of humor!

We agree with the Marquis de Condorcet, who said that in an open society we ought to devote ourselves to "the tracking down of prejudices in the hiding places where priests, the schools, the government, and all long-established institutions had gathered and protected them."

Rationally Speaking is produced by Benny Pollak and is recorded in the heart of New York City's Greenwich Village.
When it comes to human space exploration, we’re on the brink of something big. 



Join host Brendan Byrne, space reporter at 90.7 WMFE in Orlando, Fla., as he explores the advances in human space exploration. From conversations with the engineers and scientists building the technology one day heading to Mars, to talks with visionaries and leaders who want to take humankind to deep space, the Are We There Yet? podcast reveals the next chapters in human space exploration.
The Data Skeptic Podcast features interviews and discussion of topics related to data science, statistics, machine learning, artificial intelligence and the like, all from the perspective of applying critical thinking and the scientific method to evaluate the veracity of claims and efficacy of approaches.
Science journalist Wendy Zukerman dissects the latest fad framing itself as scientific fact, wading through the mass of information so you don't have to.
Have you ever experienced the unexplained? Are you drawn to the strange and mysterious? You are not alone…

The Confessionals is a podcast where witnesses of the unexplained share their stories and encounters. 

Join host Tony Merkel as he explores the fringe side of life, from Bigfoot to UFOs to paranormal activity, and everything in between.

We welcome you to join us as we delve into the unknown: www.theconfessionalspodcast.com.
Supercharge your learning and enhance your practice with this Internal Medicine Podcast featuring board certified Internists as they interview national and international experts to bring you clinical pearls and practice changing knowledge. Doctors Matthew Watto, Stuart Brigham, and Paul Williams deliver some knowledge food for your brain hole. No boring lectures here, just high value content and a healthy dose of humor. Fantastic podcast for Internal Medicine, Family Medicine, Primary Care, and Hospital Medicine. Topics include heart disease, obesity, diabetes, cardiac imaging, migraines, fibromyalgia, hypertension, cholesterol, osteoporosis, insomnia, testosterone, functional medicine, dementia, and more!
Do you like to save money? Do you like to laugh? Do you have about half an hour of free time in your day? Then we are the podcast for you!! This isn't a podcast only for dental professionals. Anyone would enjoy our casual conversational interview style where we get to know our guest, not talk "shop" the entire time and just have some fun. In each episode we also do our very popular funny mishmash of clips that is related to each guest. Hosted by the Odd Couple of Dentistry - Dr. Glenn Vo and Dr. Vinh Nguyen.
Veterinarian and vlogger, Cody Creelman, dives deep into the topics he's passionate about.
We review core medical knowledge on continuous basis in order to prepare you for the PANCE or PANRE.
The Premed Years is a 2x Academy of Podcasters Award nominated podcast. Started by Ryan Gray and his wife Allison, who are both physicians, it is another means of bringing valuable information to premed students. Interviews with deans of medical schools, chats with trusted, valuable advisors and up-to-date news, The Premed Years podcast and MedicalSchoolHQ.net are the go-to resources for all things related to the path to medical school. We are here to help you figure out the medical school requirements. We will show you how to answer the hard questions during your medical school interviews. What is a good MCAT Score? What is the best MCAT Prep? What the heck is the AMCAS? What is the best undergraduate program? What is medical school like? What do you do to volunteer and shadow? Get your questions answered here.
Recently rebranded from PA Boards -> Medgeeks. New name - same great content :)

https://physicianassistantboards.com is dedicated to providing free medical content, motivation, and advice to help you get through school, the boards, and clinical practice. 

My goal here is not only to help make you better clinicians, but also better individuals. 

Remember to think of this as a journey and not a destination. You need to enjoy every moment of the process, because the process is really what is most important - not only in medicine, but in life.
Author interviews that explore the latest clinical reviews.
I Help Nursing Students Succeed. Period.  



Free Nursing School and NCLEX Cheat Sheets at NRSNG.com/freebies



Welcome to the NRSNG Show from NRSNG.com . . . #1 Nursing Podcast and the leader in nursing student education. 



New motivational episodes 2-3 times per week covering:



Struggling Students - common questions and concerns from students.

Tips and Nurse Life - how to succeed as a nursing student and nurse.

Interviews - discussion with through leaders, entrepreneurs, and authors.

 Anatomy and Physiology and Nursing Care for various disease processes.



Follow us on social media @nrsng



From the leading nursing education website (NRSNG.com) comes the top nursing podcast.  With pharmacology episodes, test taking tips, student struggles, interviews (with leading nurse advocates like Kati Kleber, Nurse Bass, Nurse Nacole, and more),  NCLEX review, we cover the information that nurses need to know to accelerate their career and become incredible RNs.



 Jon Haws RN, the host has worked as a critical care registered nurse in a Level I Trauma hospital in Dallas, TX. 



Jon is the creator of NRSNG.com.  Visit the site and check out the books on Amazon.com We discuss current trends in the ICU, anatomy, physiology, nursing care, and much more.  Our goal is to change nursing education forever by making it more accessible, cutting the fluff, and teaching students how to think like nurses through modern technology.



For full disclaimer information visit: NRSNG.com



NCLEX®, NCLEX-RN® are registered trademarks of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing, INC.
This podcast might not actually kill you, but it covers so very many things that can. Each episode tackles a different infectious disease, from the history, to the biology, and finally, how scared you need to be. Independently produced and edited by co-hosts Erin Welsh and Erin Allmann Updyke, graduate students in disease ecology, ‘This Podcast Will Kill You’ makes infectious diseases acceptable fodder for dinner party conversation. Season one, ‘The Plagues You Know’, covers some of the most famous (or infamous) plagues and pestilences of humankind.
Quick . . . is the aPTT within normal range?  



Are you sweating a bit? Nervous?



Head over to NRSNG.com/labs for our free cheat sheet covering the 63 most important lab values for nurses.



This podcast covers one essential lab value for episode including normal ranges, nursing considerations, and background information.



Normal lab values are hard to keep straight.  This show includes the most common including:



Creatinine, WBC, BUN, aPTT, blood gasses, and more.



Welcome to the NRSNG family!



For full disclaimer information visit NRSNG.com.
Hospital & Internal Medicine lectures are intended for the medical professional who enjoys learning for the sake of it. 
Dr. Porat is a practicing Hospitalist and Board Certified in Internal Medicine.
Twice a month, faculty and residents of the University of Arizona College of Medicine-Phoenix Family Medicine Residency discuss key clinical points from each issue of American Family Physician (AFP). AFP publishes clinical reviews that help keep physicians current with advances in diagnosis and treatment. Contributing editor: Dr. Steven Brown.
A collaboration between the Medical School Headquarters and Next Step Test Prep, The MCAT Podcast is here to make sure you have the information you need to succeed on your MCAT test day. We all know that the MCAT is one of the biggest hurdles on your journey to becoming a physician. Listening to this podcast will give you the motivation and information that you need to know to help you get the score you deserve so you can one day call yourself a physician.
Join cohosts Kendall Britt, MD and Amy Rogers, MD for a 15 minute check-up on current issues in medicine and health policy. The doctors examine current medical concerns in light of the best available medical evidence and the policy issues of the day with a focus on their impact on the doctor patient relationship.
Internal Medicine Podcast bringing you  high-yield, evidence based pearls on core internal medicine  topics!
The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) Weekly Audio Summary RSS feed. NEJM (http://www.nejm.org) is a weekly general medical journal that publishes new medical research findings, review articles, and editorial opinion on a wide variety of topics of importance to biomedical science and clinical practice.
In-depth round table discussions with two or more of Canada’s brightest minds in Emergency Medicine on practical practice changing EM topics since 2010. For show notes, written summaries, links, ebooks & discussions visit emergencymedicinecases.com
UpToDate® is the premier evidence-based clinical decision support resource, trusted worldwide by healthcare practitioners to help them make the right decisions at the point of care. It is proven to change the way clinicians practice medicine, and is the only resource of its kind associated with improved outcomes.

Support for UpToDate Talk is provided by UpToDate, Wolters Kluwer. UpToDate is entirely funded by the subscriptions of its users and does not accept advertising or funding unrelated to subscriptions. The opinions in such podcasts are entirely those of the discussants, and these discussants are authors and editors for UpToDate. View UpToDate’s conflict of interest policy:  http://www.uptodate.com/home/conflict-interest-policy.
Weekly Editor's Audio Summary for JAMA, the Journal of the American Medical Association
EM Basic- your boot camp guide to emergency medicine.  Made for medical students and emergency medicine interns to review common chief complaints in emergency medicine from the ground up
The Sword and Scale true-crime podcast is an immersive audio experience covering the underworld of criminal activity and the demented minds that perform the most despicable and unthinkable actions, proving that the worst monsters are very real.  We cover true-crime stories, high-profile trials, unsolved murders and missing persons cases.
Learn research-tested strategies for a happier, more meaningful life, drawing on the science of compassion, gratitude, mindfulness, and awe. Hosted by award-winning professor Dacher Keltner. Co-produced by PRI and UC Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center.
We're half advice show, half survival guide. We answer all your questions, from how to find a date, to how to find water in the desert.
New editions released bi-weekly! Find out how to get weekly podcasts by visiting our website. Join K-Town for some fascinating discussions on all aspects of the paranormal, conspiracy theories, UFO's, cryptozoology, mysterious places, the unexplained, the occult, ancient history, true crime and more with the foremost experts, survivors & experiencers in the world. If you want to enjoy more free editions go to MysteriousRadio.com.
Host Darren Marlar brings you true stories of the paranormal, supernatural, unexplained, unsolved, and all else creepy and macabre.  Stories submitted by published authors and fans of the show. Follow the show online at http://www.WeirdDarkness.com.
Sword and Scale Rewind, hosted by Matt Fondiler and Stefanie Wilder-Taylor, is the aftershow for the popular true-crime podcast Sword and Scale.
The #1 Evidence Based Growth Podcast on the Internet. The Science of Success is about the search for evidence based personal growth. It's about exploring ways to improve your decision-making, understand your mind and how psychology rules the world around you, and learn from experts and thought leaders about ways we can become better versions of ourselves.
You Are Not So Smart is a show about psychology that celebrates science and self delusion. In each episode, we explore what we've learned so far about reasoning, biases, judgments, and decision-making.
Since 2006, the weekly Skeptoid podcast has been taking on all the most popular myths and revealing the true science, true history, and true lessons we can learn from each. Free subscribers get the most recent 50 episodes, premium subscribers (skeptoid.com) can access the full archive, all ad-free.
Welcome to The Psychology Podcast with Dr. Scott Barry Kaufman, where we give you insights into the mind, brain, behavior and creativity. Each episode we’ll feature a guest who will stimulate your mind, and give you a greater understanding of your self, others, and the world we live in. Hopefully, we’ll also provide a glimpse into human possibility! Thanks for listening and enjoy the podcast.
"Speaking of Psychology" is an audio podcast series highlighting some of the latest, most important and relevant psychological research being conducted today. Produced by the American Psychological Association, these podcasts will help listeners apply the science of psychology to their everyday lives.
The Joy Factor is a podcast for anyone with a desire to create more joy in their lives.  Therapist,  life coach and yoga teacher,  Julie Hanson interviews experts in the field of mental health and wellness along with everyday people who’ve got their own take on how to be on the hunt for joy even in the midst of struggle. She’s on a quest to connect her listeners with the tools, tips and inspiration to claim their right to joy!
A show about possible and not so possible futures. From space pirates to conscious robots to the end of antibiotics. Hosted by Rose Eveleth.
We tell the stories of haunted places, ghost encounters, cryptid encounters, the paranormal, preternatural, and every oddity imaginable. And we have a few laughs while we're at it! Join your hosts Adam & Matt in their discussions of these topics and email them your thoughts at GraveYardTalesPodcast@gmail.com (mailto:GraveYardTalesPodcast@gmail.com)
We thank you for joining us in the GraveYard!
The Social Work Podcast provides audio programs on services provided by social workers, including direct practice, human behavior in the social environment, research, policy, field work, and social work education.
Laura Reagan, LCSW-C, Psychotherapist, Burnout Prevention Consultant and Certified Daring Way™ Facilitator interviews guests to discuss holistic and alternative approaches used in psychotherapy, counseling, coaching and healing sessions. Be a fly on the wall as therapists discuss the practice of psychotherapy and how they implement self care into their own lives to prevent therapist burnout. Conversations about mindfulness, self compassion, The Daring Way™, EMDR, art therapy, Sensorimotor Psychotherapy, other somatic methods, trauma, parenting, attachment will get you thinking deeply about therapy and the universal experience of being human, with all the joy and pain that entails.
"Inane ramblings from the fringe, half-baked politics from suspect sources, 'open-minded' nonsense about paranormal topics." John and Adam explore trending and historical fringe topics in a sometimes-frustrating, occasionally profound, always entertaining quest for truth.
Each week Dr. Art Markman and Dr. Bob Duke explore different aspects of human behavior and the brain. In conversations hosted by producer Rebecca McInroy, the two renowned psychologists cover everything from the effects of sugar on the brain, to what's happening in our minds while we sleep, and much, much more.
Wish you could do a better job keeping up with peer-reviewed journals? Why not listen to a podcast where behavior analysts discuss a variety of fascinating topics and the research related to them? Now you can spend your extra time thinking of ways to save the world with ABA.
For any life-long learners, curious skeptics, and therapy-junkies who want a little science with their fluff. Psychotherapists from Austin Texas speaking freely on life, love, sex, and the things that matter. Candid unscripted conversations rooted in attachment and relational science will unpack how to improve your relationships with others and more deeply understand what makes you and those you love emotionally tick. So whether you just want to peek behind the therapist notepad, deepen your EQ, or just have fun, dive in with co-hosts Dr. Ann Kelley and Sue Marriott and their guest experts. 



Find us at http://www.www.therapistuncensored.com
On "Pardon My Take," Big Cat & PFT Commenter deliver the loudest and most correct sports takes in the history of the spoken word. Daily topics, guests, and an inability to tell what the hosts might be doing will make this your new favorite sports talk show. This is a podcast that will without a doubt change your life for the better- guaranteed, or your money back. *Pretend a reggaeton air horn is going off right now*
We discuss football. And wear blazers. Usually at the same time. Men in Blazers is driven by the belief that Soccer is America’s Sport of the Future. As it has been since 1972.
Original audio documentaries and more from the makers of the acclaimed 30 for 30 series. We make new documentary seasons each spring and fall, and highlight conversations about the 30 for 30 films in between. Sports stories like you've never heard before. Season three, a five-part series about the complicated world of Bikram yoga and its guru BIkram Choudhary, is out now.
Mark Chapman & Kelly Cates bring you the latest news, debate, analysis, big name guests - plus exclusive interviews from inside the England camp - at the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Every four years, people all over the world turn their eyes, ears, and hearts toward the most exciting sports competition on the planet: The World Cup. We Came to Win tells the stories behind the tournament’s most memorable moments. Like, how did one player become a God, and a villain, after breaking the rules? How did the semi-final of the 1990 World Cup save English soccer from falling apart? And how did one player turn a free-kick into an act of protest?

This series from Gimlet Media is an homage to the triumph and heartbreak, victory and defeat that we all experience from soccer (or football, or futbol, or whatever you call it). And it reminds us that so much of what we love about the beautiful game happens off the pitch.
Stoppage Time is a daily podcast devoted to the FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russia.
Ringer soccer fanatics Chris Ryan, Micah Peters, and Ryan O'Hanlon team up to talk all things football. Joined by Ringer staff and guests, they will cover the Premier League, the USMNT, Bundesliga, Champions League, La Liga, Serie A, as well as international soccer ahead of the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
The Herd with Colin Cowherd is a thought-provoking, opinionated, and topic-driven journey through the top sports stories of the day.
Sports and fantasy sports collide as one man tries to cover everything under the sun or fall asleep trying.
ESPN's Zach Lowe talks to various basketball people about various basketball things.
Since 1984 every wrestling promoter has tried to best Vince McMahon and the World Wrestling Federation unsuccessfully... except one, Eric Bischoff. Eric got his foot in the door with Ted Turner's organization as a "C-Team Announcer" and a few short years later, he was President of World Championship Wrestling. Eric signed Hulk Hogan, turned a profit for the company for the very first time, started Monday Night Nitro, created the nWo, and beat Vince McMahon's Monday Night RAW head-to-head in Monday Night Wars 83 consecutive times. 83 Weeks will take a deep dive into the highs and lows of Eric Bischoff's unparalleled successes in the wrestling business. Join Eric Bischoff and Conrad Thompson as they explore a new topic every Monday morning at 6AM Eastern!
Go inside the most popular sport in the world with the ESPN FC crew.
First Take is always a heated discussion as Stephen A. Smith, Max Kellerman and guests debate about the day's top stories.
Adrian Wojnarowski, the most dominant force in NBA reporting, brings you inside the league with The Woj Pod. Woj is probing the biggest newsmakers in the sport – from the commissioner, to general managers, coaches and star players – to bring listeners inside the processes, personas and stories that impact the NBA. Beyond longer sit-down interviews in our New York studios, Woj will deliver real-time podcasts with league personnel built around breaking news.
A no-nonsense Pro Football scouting show with detailed player evaluations as well as bold predictions on players and teams.
Jim Beaver's Project Action is the place where action sports, celebrities, and badasses collide.  Hosted by professional off-road racer, media personality, and nationally syndicated radio host Jim Beaver, Project Action is your weekly glimpse behind the scenes with some of the biggest personalities in the world today from Action Sports, MMA, Racing, Sports, Hollywood, and Music.  Join Jim Beaver and some of his badass friends every Thursday as they take you on a ride you won't find anywhere else.  Suggesting a Guest or Topic for Jim Beaver's Project Action? Hit up @JimBeaver15 on Twitter or Instagram!
Adam Schefter talks with the biggest names in and around football, taking you inside what makes them tick and how they got to where they are.
www.areyouhearingthispod.com
We are a podcast featuring Jago M. and J. Smooth. Bringing you our take on Sports and Entertainment. Our conversation consists of NBA, NFL, college sports, music, and movie reviews. New pods drop every Monday & Friday! Always safe for work!
New episodes every day of World Cup 2018, with fast-talking previews and reviews of every single game.

If you enjoy analysis and silliness in equal measure, we might be the World Cup podcast for you.
The Skip and Shannon: Undisputed podcast. Skip Bayless, Shannon Sharpe, and Joy Taylor discuss the biggest topics of the day. It's unscripted and unfiltered. Don't miss the television show Monday-Friday at 9:30am ET on FS1.
Interviews from top skiers in the world about fitness, nutrition, routine, overcoming fear, loss of friends and more...
The MeatEater Podcast with Steven Rinella (author and host of the biggest hunting TV show, MeatEater) covers hunting, fishing, wildlife, and wild foods with humor, irreverence, and plenty of unexpected viewpoints and surprising trivia. Recorded on the road from locations around the U.S., the podcast features a recurring cast of guests with their own areas of outdoor expertise.
This is adventure. Climbing. Skiing. Hiking. Biking. Travel. Whatever your passion, we are all dirtbags. Outdoor writer Fitz Cahall and his team presents stories about the dreamers, athletes and wanderers.
High-impact interviews for those who love adventure and the outdoors. Host and Journalist Shelby Stanger interviews world-class explorers, athletes, authors, scientists, health experts, and entrepreneurs about how they’ve taken their own wild ideas and made them a reality, so you can too. From people who have sailed across the Pacific, to people who have broken records, climbed the tallest peaks, written best-selling books, started outdoor companies you love, or just stood up for something they believed in, some of the wildest ideas can lead to the most rewarding adventures. Take a listen to start living more wildly today.
Outside's longstanding literary storytelling tradition comes to life in audio with exclusive features that will both entertain and inform listeners. We launched in March 2016 with our first series, Science of Survival, which was developed in partnership with PRX, distributors of the idolized This American Life and The Moth Radio Hour, among others. The series is produced with support from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and its commitment to storytelling around STEM issues. We have since launched two additional series, The Outside Interview, which has editor Christopher Keyes interrogating the biggest figures in sports, adventure, and politics, and Dispatches, a diverse range of stories on newsworthy topics.
The Wired To Hunt Podcast is the most highly rated and listened to deer hunting focused podcast in North America - with millions of episodes downloaded and enjoyed by hunters every year. Hosted by nationally published outdoor writer and QDMA Communicator of the Year Mark Kenyon, each new episode focuses on sharing deer hunting news, stories and strategies - straight from guys who live the deer hunting lifestyle every day. And expert whitetail hunting guests such as Mark and Terry Drury, Bill Winke, Dan Infalt, Adam Hays, Stan Potts, Steve Bartylla, John Dudley and many others are frequently interviewed to share their insights, experiences and strategies. If you are a whitetail addict, tune in to The Wired To Hunt Podcast to get your fix.
Tom Gresham's Gun Talk is a Nationally-Syndicated Radio Show delving into everything from Gun Rights and Second Amendment Issues to sport and target shooting, recreational shooting and more.  It's Full Metal Talk Radio!
The Orvis Fly Fishing Guide Podcast provides weekly tips  from acclaimed fly fishing author and lifelong fly fishing enthusiast, Tom Rosenbauer. Get the most from your time on the water!
Hunt Talk Radio, Randy Newberg Unfiltered is a podcast covering hunting politics, public lands, and conservation topics; even a few things you didn’t need to know. The best hunters you’ve never heard of join Randy to answer questions from the Hunt Talk web forum, share ideas, reveal tactics, and give perspectives unique to public land hunting.
Nock On podcast are educational archery tips  from Pro Archer John Dudley. John is an accomplished professional, top level coach and technical expert. Get professional insights to new products and industry trends.
Inquisitive women in the outdoors, on the road, and besides.

A podcast for and about women who are inspired by time spent outside.
Backcountry hunters talking backcountry hunting.  Join us for lively discussion on a variety of topics related to backcountry, big game hunting.  We'll be talking tactics, sharing lessons learned, swapping stories, interviewing individuals from the hunting industry, and getting into the nitty-gritty of our gear lists and bow/rifle setups.  Contact us at anytime with your questions or feedback by emailing us: podcast@exomountaingear.  Thanks for listening!  — Mark & Steve
TrainerRoad's Ask a Cycling Coach podcast gives you the chance to get answers to your cycling and triathlon training questions with USAC/USAT Level I certified coach Chad Timmerman and other special guests.
Ultrarunnerpodcast features over 400 interviews with elite runners, new runners, coaches, docs, gear heads. dietitians, race directors, and more. If you've got a question about ultras or need an inspiring story, you'll find it here. Enjoy!
Since 2002 Alpinist has striven to push creative boundaries with everything we do, from award-winning climbing journalism and creative writing to photography and art. Now, with the Alpinist podcast, we aim to extend our conversations with climbers and community members into interviews and oral histories that will entertain and educate our listeners with everything from dramatic and humorous adventure tales to in-depth discussions of the most significant issues in the climbing world today. More at alpinist.com/podcast
The Gritty Bowmen are a group of friends with a passion for bowhunting and outdoor filmmaking. We make movies of our archery hunts and do the occasional podcast.
Western Big Game Hunting Guide and Hunter Jay Scott of Jay Scott Outdoors talks about hunting and fishing adventures on this podcast.  Jay has authored many hunting articles in Western Big Game Hunting Publications and has served as a judge in the RMEF World Championship Elk Calling contest.  Jay operates a successful hunting and fishing blog and YouTube channel.  The goal of this podcast is to educate and inform by covering topics ranging from hunting, fishing, wildlife, elk, desert bighorn sheep, mule deer and coues deer, rocky mountain bighorn sheep, wild turkey, tactics, guides, outfitters, archery, bowhunting, rifle, digiscoping, KUIU, backpacking, and much more.
Out There is a podcast that explores big questions through intimate stories in the great outdoors.
Trail Runner Nation is devoted to sharing knowledge and advice to the trail running community - from beginners to the pros! We offer tips and discussion regarding race nutrition, pacing strategy, mental focus and much more from well-respected members of the trail community.
Mike McGrath hosts this call-in public radio program and offers light-hearted, organic gardening guidance.
We discuss football. And wear blazers. Usually at the same time. Men in Blazers is driven by the belief that Soccer is America’s Sport of the Future. As it has been since 1972.
Mark Chapman & Kelly Cates bring you the latest news, debate, analysis, big name guests - plus exclusive interviews from inside the England camp - at the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Stoppage Time is a daily podcast devoted to the FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russia.
The Herd with Colin Cowherd is a thought-provoking, opinionated, and topic-driven journey through the top sports stories of the day.
Adrian Wojnarowski, the most dominant force in NBA reporting, brings you inside the league with The Woj Pod. Woj is probing the biggest newsmakers in the sport – from the commissioner, to general managers, coaches and star players – to bring listeners inside the processes, personas and stories that impact the NBA. Beyond longer sit-down interviews in our New York studios, Woj will deliver real-time podcasts with league personnel built around breaking news.
New episodes every day of World Cup 2018, with fast-talking previews and reviews of every single game.

If you enjoy analysis and silliness in equal measure, we might be the World Cup podcast for you.
The Skip and Shannon: Undisputed podcast. Skip Bayless, Shannon Sharpe, and Joy Taylor discuss the biggest topics of the day. It's unscripted and unfiltered. Don't miss the television show Monday-Friday at 9:30am ET on FS1.
With their unique and insightful perspective, Chris Horwedel and Anshu Khanna of Underdog Sports talk about the biggest sporting stories of the week.   
For advertising opportunities on this show, or any of the other shows on our network, contact us at: AdvertiseWithTheUnderdog@gmail.com
In Tales from the Association, Chris Horwedel hosts long-form conversations with former NBA players who walk us through their careers.  In this show, we aim to provide the casual fan with a unique, behind-the-scenes look at not only why a player picks a certain school, or team (or leaves that team), but what the thought process of those decisions was.

With incredible inside information and the occasional fascinating story about a former teammate, Tales from the Association is a must-listen for any basketball fan.

For advertising opportunities on this show, or any of the other shows on our network, contact us at: AdvertiseWithTheUnderdog@gmail.com
The Football Weekly pod squad bring you a twice-weekly dose of puns and punditry, news and analysis from the Premier League and beyond throughout the 2017-18 season
The Functional Sportsaholic cuts through the typical sports media BS to give you an unfiltered point of view.  We are experts in the NFL and NBA, but cover all sports.  Our unique show features enhanced statistical analysis of front office and personnel, stories from retired and pro athletes, Premium Fantasy sports advice and the most accurate Daily Fantasy and Against the Spread advice.  

For advertising opportunities on this show, or any of the other shows on our network, contact us at: AdvertiseWithTheUnderdog@gmail.com
Fantasy Football at it's very best.  Say goodbye to the talking heads of Fantasy Football and hello to The Fantasy Footballers.  The expert trio of Andy Holloway, Jason Moore, and Mike "The Fantasy Hitman" Wright break down the world of Fantasy Football with astute analysis, strong opinions, and matchup-winning advice you can't get anywhere else.  A high quality and entertaining show that will win you your Fantasy Football league -- in style.  The ONE Fantasy Football Podcast you can't leave off your roster.
NBA expert Chris Broussard breaks down the hottest topics around the NBA, using his years of deep connections to keep you updated and informed in a way nobody else is doing it.
"The Tony Kornheiser Show" (now available exclusively on-demand) is a topical, daily talk show that starts with sports and quickly moves into politics, current events, entertainment and, really, whatever happens to be on Tony’s mind that day.  The format of the show—regular sit-in guests with familiar interviews and segments—highlights not only the unique perspective of Tony Kornheiser but also the expertise of his network of friends.

Join one of the most recognizable and outspoken commentators of sports and entertainment (longtime radio host in Washington, DC and current co-host of ESPN's PTI) and enjoy original episodes published every weekday ‪starting September 6th.
Listen to the Dan Patrick daily radio show. With exclusive insider access, Patrick brings A-list guests from the world of sports and entertainment to The Dan Patrick Show.  Sharing his perspective on pop culture and sports, Patrick also brings a dose of humor to his fans.  To access the entire Dan Patrick podcast archive,  go to PodcastOne.com.
ESPN fantasy experts Matthew Berry, Field Yates and Stephania Bell provide daily strategy, previews and injury reports.
J.J. Redick of the Philadelphia 76ers interviews some of the biggest names in basketball—including his teammates!—and many other celebrities. It’s an inside look at life in the NBA and conversations with people who interest Redick the most.  
Cris Carter, Nick Wright & Jenna Wolfe discuss the biggest stories in the world of sports. From LeBron James, to Tom Brady, this show will bring you the first, and most incisive, opinions on the best sports stories.
FantasyPros provides hard-hitting fantasy football analysis while keeping you entertained. Get the tips needed to win your league from a trusted network of 100+ experts. Find out who to draft, pick up and start while receiving analysis of the latest news from around the league.
Jackson Hoy and Cesar Smokowski provide all-inclusive NBA Draft coverage, including prospect scouting, rankings, mock drafts, discussion, and more. Their knowledge, analysis, and banter will keep you informed on all things NBA Draft.  For advertising opportunities on this show, or any of the other shows on our network, feel free to reach out to us at: AdvertiseWithTheUnderdog@gmail.com
NBA, NBA Draft and College Basketball Expert Sam Vecenie talks all levels of hoops.
Outkick the Show with Clay Travis brings a one-of-a-kind perspective to discussions on sports, politics, and entertainment.
KSR for your ears.
America's College Football Podcast.  Because you don't just like college football, you live it.
The Coaching U Podcast with Coach Brendan Suhr features some of the BEST in coaching today.
The Daily Podcast for Georgia Bulldogs Fans. From DawgNation.com.
The Athlon Sports Cover 2 College Football Podcast previews and reviews every aspect of the greatest sport on the planet.

Join Athlon’s editorial team every week of the preseason, regular season, postseason and offseason for a breakdown of the entire circus that is college football.
This is the Podcast world's most entertaining and informative college basketball show. Host Gary Parrish brings the sport to your ears with guests who touch on various issues and topics.
Bruce Feldman and Stewart Mandel discuss the latest in college football, interviewing the biggest names and giving you insight into the most relevant topics you won't find anywhere else. From National Signing Day to the National Championship, Bruce and Stew have you covered year-round.
D1Baseball Editors Aaron Fitt and Kendall Rogers record weekly podcasts throughout the college baseball season. D1Baseball.com is the premier home for college baseball coverage, scores, schedules, standings and much more on the internet.
Campus Conversation provides an all-access pass into the world of college football with ESPN's stable of reporters and analysts.
The world's only college football podcast. Hosted by Spencer Hall, Ryan Nanni, and Jason Kirk.
Take control of your sports career and start DOMINATING your competition. The "I'm Not You" Sports Domination Podcast is hosted by Former All American and NFL Running Back Olaniyi Sobomehin ( Niyi Sobo ) , and he walks you through the specific strategies, habits, and most important MINDSET that you need to take your game to the NEXT level. You'll learn how to master your emotions, how to set goals and crush them, and the mindset of the worlds best athletes so you can get the results you want. This show will feature interviews with NFL, NBA, MLB and Professional Soccer players so you can leverage their experience to reach your sports goals!
Originating from Los Angeles, the fast-paced show features Doug Gottlieb’s unique perspective on the latest headlines, as well as listener interaction and conversations with the biggest names in sports.
Get the inside take on College Hoops.  Jon lives and breathes college basketball providing him access to breaking news and insights. Every week the podcast will deliver compelling story lines of college basketball along with interviews, game picks, and scoops!
You've heard him on KSR, but now you can hear Matt Jones like never before with extended one-on-one interviews with guests from in and outside the sports world.
FloWrestling Radio Live is hosted by Christian Pyles and Willie Saylor of Flowrestling.com.  CP and Smalls dive into all topics pertaining to high school, college and international wrestling.
BGI Radio: Podcast content covering Notre Dame football and athletics.
The latest analysis on Ohio State football, basketball and recruiting from Doug Lesmerises, Bill Landis and Tim Bielik of cleveland.com.
Samantha Peszek is on a mission to connect athletes, coaches, and parents with the best resources the gymnastics world has to offer. Utilizing Samantha’s gymnastics network (she really does have cool friends), guests will be experts in their field and shed a light on hot topics, tips for improvement, and inspiration. Listeners will have the opportunity to learn from some of the sport’s greats, participate in giveaways, and apply relevant tips to everyday life, in and out of the gym.
These free golf lessons work! Hear PGA Pros provide tips, drills, insights and advice. GOLF SMARTER helps lower your scores and raise your golf IQ. Call toll-free Golf Smarter Academy to leave a question about your game and get it answered on the show! 415-761-1498
We're documenting what golf science is and how it’s actually making a difference in the way golf is taught, learned, and practiced.

There is far too much “mythology” involved in golf.
Most of it has no validity based on research or what’s ACTUALLY going on. 

We’re talking about all aspects of golf science.  So you can learn what’s really going on in an entertaining way and get better results in your game by going to the source.

Whether you are just starting out, or an experienced rider, Semi-Pro Cycling helps get faster, stronger and healthier.
Yoga classes, Yoga relaxation techniques, Asanas, breathing exercises for daily life. Gives you new energy, relaxation and recharges you from within. Produced by Yoga Vidya, Europe's leading Yoga organisation.
Told through encounters on his travels, Donald Brink conducts conversations with professional surfers, clients, and strangers about surfboards and the value they add to one’s ocean going experience.
Dave Palumbo and Chris Aceto bring you the TRUTH in the world of Bodybuilding!  Special guests, interesting insights, top notch coverage of all Bodybuilding shows throughout the year, and entertainment only the way Dave Palumbo and the RXMUSCLE.COM community can bring you!  This truly is HEAVY MUSCLE RADIO!
The premier morning show with an equine theme. A light, lively, entertaining daily look at the horse world and the people in it.
The Speed Secrets Podcast is all about high performance and race driving. In it, Ross Bentley has conversations with guests, resulting in tips, advice and inspiration you can take to the track. Digging into topics such as trail braking, cornering lines, race track specific advice, data acquisition and video analysis, upshifting and downshifting, handling and car setup, steering techniques, and the skill of using the throttle - all while driving on track - the goal is to not just entertain you, but also help you learn. Along the way, these conversations will get into why we drive on race tracks, igniting your passion for the sport. Each episode is 30 to 45 minutes in length – just right for listening to while on your way to work, to the track, or while you're working out. Oh, and in each episode - posted weekly - Ross will share one of his quick and effective Speed Secret tips.
Join former USAC announcer Tyler Burnett and open wheel driver Dillon Welch as they talk to the stars of sprint car racing.
Exclusive Redskins interviews, press conferences, and gameday news
Extras
Get an in-depth look at the methods, strategies and techniques used by a youth soccer coach working full time with youth soccer players of every age and skill level. This includes training plans, team management and planning ideas, full soccer practices, the latest trends in coaching soccer and soccer training, as well as interviews with other coaches and trainers that are on the cutting edge of soccer development.
The Baseball Drive is a show for students of the game who are dedicated to providing a better baseball experience for their player(s). Hosted by Tim Banos, The Baseball Drive explores current trends and topics throughout the game of baseball, and discusses how they might impact the next generation of athletes. We talk to leading experts in the field with a focus on the growth of the game, both in the development of the individual player, and in striving to increase overall participation rates. Come &quot;steal&quot; from some of the games top baseball minds.
The Golf More Swing Less Podcast provides instructional, entertaining, inspiring and empowering golf content that makes a difference on and off the course. 



The Golf More Swing Less podcast is brought to you weekly and provides golf tips, on both the physical and mental swing, course management, drills and so much more. The show is your online golf resource for reviews on the hottest golf gadgets, apps, and technology that yield better golf. Host Chris Burns interviews golf instructors, mental swing coaches, fitness and industry experts who share incredible golf tips, tricks, insight and stories about all things golf.



If you’re obsessed with golf equipment, you’re in luck. Chris is an equipment junkie with more than twenty years of experience in R&D, club fitting and club making. He provides in depth reviews from drivers to putters with the goal of helping you find what is going to help you Golf More and Swing Less. 



Listen to it at work, in the car, at the gym or on the go.  What are you waiting for? Start listening and start lowering your handicap today. Find more great golf content at www.GolfMoreSwingLess.com or download the podcast at iTunes. It’s not just a slogan, better golf is our mission.
Mully and Hanley discuss all the latest sports news on 670 The Score
JetNation Radio is your home for uncensored New York Jets talk. Check out this NY Jets Podcast.
The Run Faster Podcast has a simple goal: to help runners run faster.  Each week we give you simple information to run faster.  

If you like the show, please take a moment and rate us.

To get more information from Jay and to subscribe to his newsletter, visit CoachJayJohnson.com

Thanks and have a great run today!
The Golf Podcast is presented by Golficity, an online golf resource providing golf news, golf instruction, golf course reviews, and so much more.  The Golf Podcast is brought to you weekly with tons of instructional and informational golf content.  Hosts Frank and Mike discuss golf improvement methods, golf practice drills, and more.  Improve your golf game by tuning into our interviews with top PGA golf professionals.  If it's the latest golf equipment you're after, The Golf Podcast will be providing in-depth reviews of golf drivers, golf irons, golf balls, golf putters, and all other forms of golf equipment. Played any great golf courses lately? Golficity hosts Frank and Mike will let you know which courses are their favorites with detailed golf course reviews, golf course information, and how to score the best tee times.  The Golf Podcast will also help you improve your golf scores, reduce your handicap, and dominate on the greens.  Fantasy golfers are also encouraged to tune in as The Golf Podcast will be diving into fantasy golf picks that will help you win bragging rights in your fantasy golf pool.  Discover how you can improve your golf game by becoming a part of the Golficity nation and following along with our golf game improvement techniques, golf tips, golf instruction, golf lessons, golf drills, and professional golf interviews.
Professional players and coaches John Mayer, Billy Allen, Nils Nielsen, and Andrew Fuller gather insights from experts in volleyball and beyond!
Guy Raz explores the emotions, insights, and discoveries that make us human. The TED Radio Hour is a narrative journey through fascinating ideas, astonishing inventions, fresh approaches to old problems, and new ways to think and create.
Every Tuesday you'll find digitalSoup with Jason, Adam & usually Dave, three of the coolest geeks you know, at the intersection of tech, gaming, entertainment and comedy! Join us, learn a little and laugh a lot as we discuss everything from computers and gaming to movies and photography!
Meet Manoush and Jen, founders of Stable Genius Productions. They’re documenting the process of starting a media company while trying not to simultaneously become bad mothers, bankrupt themselves, or destroy their wonderful creative partnership. And when their first funding comes in the form of cryptocurrency, things get really interesting.

ZigZag is a meta-mix of voice memos, taped conversations, come-to-Jesus moments, and mini-stories about entrepreneurship, deciding how to align your values with your ambitions, and building strong partnerships.
Cryptocurrency is new to a lot of people, including Crypto The Wonder Dog. Here on Crypto's channel we will try to bring you interviews from the influencers and informers, the latest in Crypto new, entertainment and what to expect in the future.  Wanna contribute? Tweet @CryptoCTWD
Know what comes next with this in-depth look at how science and technology are revolutionizing the way we live, work and play.
DNA science. Artificial intelligence. Smartphones and 3D printers. Science and technology have transformed the world we live in. But how did we get here? It wasn’t by accident. Well, sometimes it was. It was also the result of hard work, teamwork, and competition. And incredibly surprising moments.
Hosted by bestselling author Steven Johnson (“How We Got To Now”), American Innovations uses immersive scenes to tell the stories of the scientists, engineers, and ordinary people behind the greatest discoveries of the past century. From Wondery, the network behind Business Wars, American History Tellers, and Dirty John.
Join Mark (CEO), Will (Editor-In-Chief), and their guests as they explore how emerging technology can change governments, industries, and commerce as we know it. Learn a little bit about our team as we discuss crypto, philosophy and a bit of cosmology with ICO Executives, Influencers, Investors, Entrepreneurs, & Pundits. Honest, Ad-free, & Open minded conversations. Help us by subscribing & check out our work!

Overview: http://cryptoconomy.world/
Atlas App: http://atlasapp.co/
Atlas Digest News: http://bit.ly/AtlasDigest & https://www.cryptoconomy.news/
Miners: https://fortyninerminers.com/
A show about tech and media's key players, big ideas, and how they're changing the world we live in. One of tech's most prominent journalists, Kara Swisher, is known for her insightful reporting and straight-shooting style. Listen in as she hosts hard-hitting interviews with influential business leaders and outspoken personalities from media, politics, and more.
Stay informed on the latest in technology during your weekday commute. Our journalists cover leading companies, new gadgets, consumer trends, personal technology, app features, start-ups and more.
The day's tech news, every day at 5pm. From Techmeme.com, Silicon Valley's most-read news source. 15 minutes and you're up to date.
TechStuff is a show about technology. And it’s not just how technology works. Join host Jonathan Strickland as he explores the people behind the tech, the companies that market it and how technology affects our lives and culture.
Is your phone watching you? Can wexting make you smarter? Are your kids real? These and other essential quandaries facing anyone trying to preserve their humanity in the digital age. Join host Manoush Zomorodi for your weekly reminder to question everything. 
WNYC Studios is the producer of other leading podcasts, including Radiolab, Death, Sex & Money, Freakonomics Radio and many others.
The a16z Podcast discusses tech and culture trends, news, and the future -- especially as ‘software eats the world’. It features industry experts, business leaders, and other interesting thinkers and voices from around the world. This podcast is produced by Andreessen Horowitz (aka “a16z”), a Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm. Multiple episodes are released every week; visit a16z.com for more details and to sign up for our newsletters and other content as well!
Some of the world's leading inventors and researchers share demos, breakthroughs and visions onstage at the TED conference, TEDx events and partner events around the world. You can also download these and many other videos free on TED.com, with an interactive English transcript and subtitles in up to 80 languages. TED is a nonprofit devoted to Ideas Worth Spreading.
The Learn to Code With Me podcast, created by Laurence Bradford, is for aspiring techies and self-taught coders looking to transition into the tech industry. Want actionable insights on how you can get paid for your coding skills? Then you're in the right place!
Your first podcast of the week is the last word in tech. Join the top tech pundits in a roundtable discussion of the latest trends in high tech.

Records live every Sunday at 6:00pm Eastern / 3:00pm Pacific / 22:00 UTC.
Three nerds discussing tech, Apple, programming, and loosely related matters.
Big questions and provocative conclusions about technology and culture. A new podcast from The Atlantic with Derek Thompson.
The Vergecast is your source for an irreverent and informative look at what's happening right now (and next) in the world of technology and gadgets. Hosted by Nilay Patel and Dieter Bohn, alongside a cavalcade of tech luminaries, Vergecast is the only podcast you need to make sense of the week in tech news. And your life.
Steve Gibson, the man who coined the term spyware and created the first anti-spyware program, creator of Spinrite and ShieldsUP, discusses the hot topics in security today with Leo Laporte.

Records live every Tuesday at 4:30pm Eastern / 1:30pm Pacific / 20:30 UTC.
TechStuff is a show about technology. And it’s not just how technology works. Join host Jonathan Strickland as he explores the people behind the tech, the companies that market it and how technology affects our lives and culture.
The Vergecast is your source for an irreverent and informative look at what's happening right now (and next) in the world of technology and gadgets. Hosted by Nilay Patel and Dieter Bohn, alongside a cavalcade of tech luminaries, Vergecast is the only podcast you need to make sense of the week in tech news. And your life.
There is only one feed that you need to subscribe to if you wish to automatically receive every video that CNET produces. Here's a hint: It's this one!
The show that keeps you up to date on the latest happenings with the iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Apple TV, AppleWatch, iOS and iPhone Apps .  We have news, tech tips, hacks, App reviews and interviews all centered around the iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch, Apple Watch and Apple TV.
Phil, Jerry, Alex, Andrew & Russell bring you the latest and greatest Google Android news!
Connected is a weekly panel discussion on Apple and the impact of technology on our lives. With each co-host having a unique background — and accent — Connected provides a perspective that no other show can. Hosted by Federico Viticci, Myke Hurley, and Stephen Hackett.
Each week Iyaz Akhtar scours CNET's sites to see what people are looking at and talking about, and then counts down the most popular trends in tech. From the most popular products to must have gadgets to the most downloaded software, Iyaz brings a witty, informative look at each week's list.
Learn about getting the most from your Apple technology with focused topics and workflow guests. Creating Mac Power Users, one geek at a time since 2009. Hosted by David Sparks and Katie Floyd.
The Apple Byte covers the fact, the fiction, and everything inside the world of Apple. Brian Tong talks about the latest Apple announcements, the rumors, and he'll break down the good and bad of Apple with an edgy style.
ARRL The Doctor is In is a podcast based on the popular QST magazine column "The Doctor is In." Hosted by QST Editor in Chief Steve Ford, WB8IMY, and columnist Joel Hallas, W1ZR, the podcast is a lively 20-minute discussion of a wide range of technical topics. Sponsored by DX Engineering.
Your daily consumer tech news update, plus the latest gadget reviews and straight talk about how the latest tech innovations affect you. 
With many years of experience, some of the best and funniest ringtones in iTunes and Google Play come from the Ringtone Mafia writers and producers. Come listen to what we've cooked up for every occasion!
Legacy Podcast



Ham Radio 360 was a bi-weekly Amateur Radio Podcast created for the “New Guy”.  

Hosted by Cale Nelson, K4CDN, the show chronicled his journey with over 3 and a half years of interviews and projects for all things Ham Radio.  The show ran from 2014-2018.



Topics ranged from setting up your first station to operating DX, repeaters, antennas, building projects and product reviews.  The podcast encourages ham radio operators to explore and learn about the world of radio communications in plain language and with practical advice.



The Ham Radio 360 podcast was produced every two weeks (2014-2018) and is available in iTunes, Stitcher and other popular podcast apps.



The show site and it’s content are maintained by K4CDN as his continued contribution to the Hobby.
Join us every week as we discuss all the latest and greatest news about the Apple Watch. We'll also have app reviews, interviews and tips and tricks to help you get the most out of your Apple Watch.
Accessible is a fortnightly—episodes are released twice per month—podcast about accessibility in tech. Topics covered on the show are mostly Apple-centric but will span the tech industry at large where appropriate.   The show is hosted by Steven Aquino and Timothy Buck from San Francisco.
Clockwise is a rapid-fire discussion of current technology issues hosted by Dan Moren and Mikah Sargent and featuring two special guests each week. Four people, four topics--and because we're always watching the clock, no episode is longer than 30 minutes. Hosted by Dan Moren and Mikah Sargent.
App Reviews by CrazyMikesapps give you a quick look at the Best Apps. We look at some of the hottest, newest, and best apps for iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch and Android devices. Let us inform and entertain you as you watch our app reviews using our handsfree HD video capture, which lets you see the app in action and not our fat fingers.  Watch app reviews for a variety of app categories such as: Games apps, Education apps, Entertainment apps, Business apps, Productivity apps and many other app categories. Be sure to check out our other App Review Podcasts: iPhone App Reviews, iPad App Reviews, and Android App Reviews, and Kindle Fire App Reviews. Thank you for watching and supporting our podcast channels. We also love feedback, so please drop us a line at mike@crazymikesapps.com.
Hosted by Federico Viticci and Fraser Speirs, Canvas is a podcast all about mobile productivity. Armed with iOS, Federico and Fraser will be walking through workflows, exploring the best apps for the iPad and iPhone and helping users solve problems. Hosted by Federico Viticci and Fraser Speirs.
The Practical Amateur Radio Podcast is a show about Amateur (ham) Radio. Each episode we dive into any various topics related to the hobby of amateur radio.
Join host Michael Wolf as he explores the smart home and home automation universe. Interviews with smart home leaders, analysis of the latest smart home news and the occasional Q&A and product review. All smart home, all the time.
Meet Manoush and Jen, founders of Stable Genius Productions. They’re documenting the process of starting a media company while trying not to simultaneously become bad mothers, bankrupt themselves, or destroy their wonderful creative partnership. And when their first funding comes in the form of cryptocurrency, things get really interesting.

ZigZag is a meta-mix of voice memos, taped conversations, come-to-Jesus moments, and mini-stories about entrepreneurship, deciding how to align your values with your ambitions, and building strong partnerships.
Cryptocurrency is new to a lot of people, including Crypto The Wonder Dog. Here on Crypto's channel we will try to bring you interviews from the influencers and informers, the latest in Crypto new, entertainment and what to expect in the future.  Wanna contribute? Tweet @CryptoCTWD
Know what comes next with this in-depth look at how science and technology are revolutionizing the way we live, work and play.
A show about tech and media's key players, big ideas, and how they're changing the world we live in. One of tech's most prominent journalists, Kara Swisher, is known for her insightful reporting and straight-shooting style. Listen in as she hosts hard-hitting interviews with influential business leaders and outspoken personalities from media, politics, and more.
Stay informed on the latest in technology during your weekday commute. Our journalists cover leading companies, new gadgets, consumer trends, personal technology, app features, start-ups and more.
The day's tech news, every day at 5pm. From Techmeme.com, Silicon Valley's most-read news source. 15 minutes and you're up to date.
Is your phone watching you? Can wexting make you smarter? Are your kids real? These and other essential quandaries facing anyone trying to preserve their humanity in the digital age. Join host Manoush Zomorodi for your weekly reminder to question everything. 
WNYC Studios is the producer of other leading podcasts, including Radiolab, Death, Sex & Money, Freakonomics Radio and many others.
The a16z Podcast discusses tech and culture trends, news, and the future -- especially as ‘software eats the world’. It features industry experts, business leaders, and other interesting thinkers and voices from around the world. This podcast is produced by Andreessen Horowitz (aka “a16z”), a Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm. Multiple episodes are released every week; visit a16z.com for more details and to sign up for our newsletters and other content as well!
Your first podcast of the week is the last word in tech. Join the top tech pundits in a roundtable discussion of the latest trends in high tech.

Records live every Sunday at 6:00pm Eastern / 3:00pm Pacific / 22:00 UTC.
Three nerds discussing tech, Apple, programming, and loosely related matters.
Steve Gibson, the man who coined the term spyware and created the first anti-spyware program, creator of Spinrite and ShieldsUP, discusses the hot topics in security today with Leo Laporte.

Records live every Tuesday at 4:30pm Eastern / 1:30pm Pacific / 20:30 UTC.
More signal, less noise—we distill the day’s critical cyber security news into a concise daily briefing.
A show for CEO's, CMO's CRO's and Venture Capitalists

If you are in a B2B Leadership role this is the podcast for you. The founder of "The Brutal Truth About Sales & Selling" interviews the most thought-provoking guests. We will cover what is working today in Sales & Marketing. 

If you like Tim Ferriss, Bill Burr, Dave Ramsey, Serial, Reply All, The Art of Charm, HBR, WTF, Startup, Motley Fool, Money, Gimlet, TEDTalk, NPR, EOFIRE, The TOP, Ziglar, Hustler, Advanced Selling, Salesman Red, Sales Gravy jeb blunt jocko GaryVEE SaaStr VC you will like this.
Technical interviews about software topics.
No one does a better job of explaining technology, computers, and the Internet than Leo Laporte. This feed contains the full audio of his twice weekly radio talk show as heard on stations all over the US on the Premiere Radio Networks. For show notes and more visit techguylabs.com.

Records live weekends at 2:00pm Eastern / 11:00am Pacific / 18:00 UTC.
Listen to the future of media, today. Re/code’s senior editor Peter Kafka talks to the most interesting people in media and technology, to find out what happens when those two things collide. Tune in for smart, thoughtful, BS-free interviews.
Full Stack Developers Wes Bos and Scott Tolinski dive deep into web development topics, explaining how they work and talking about their own experiences. They cover from JavaScript frameworks like React, to the latest advancements in CSS to simplifying web tooling.
The director’s commentary track for Daring Fireball.
Do you have questions about tech products or the week's tech news that you’re too embarrassed to ask? Kara Swisher and the rest of the team at Recode have the answers. Tune in to their podcast every Friday for straight talk about confusing topics. Submit your questions in advance by tweeting them to @Recode with the hashtag #TooEmbarrassed, or by emailing TooEmbarrassed@recode.net.
Posted on Tuesdays, Norm and Will discuss topics of interest with Adam--nothing is off-limits! Still Untitled covers everything from hot-button issues within the maker community to experiences from Adam's life to questions from the audience. Enjoy!
Exponent, a production of Stratechery.com, is hosted by Ben Thompson and James Allworth.



In this program we seek to explore the massive effect technology is having not just on technology companies, but also on society as a whole. Ben Thompson is the author of Stratechery, a blog about the business and strategy of technology. James Allworth is the co-author with Clay Christensen of "How Will You Measure Your Life" and a writer for the Harvard Business Review.



Visit the website at http://exponent.fm for show notes and to subscribe. To see old Stratechery.FM episodes, please visit http://stratechery.fm
Simon Elisha and Jeff Barr discuss various aspects of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) offering. Each podcast includes AWS news, tech tips, interviews with startups, AWS partners, and AWS employees.
The Classicist is the weekly podcast of Victor Davis Hanson, scholar, writer, farmer. 
Tune in each week to hear VDH's unique perspective on the issues of the day.
Kevin David from The Ninja podcast will be sharing Amazon FBA and eCommerce marketing strategies from his own experience, case studies and interviewing the experts. Discover how you can apply and use these techniques to create a business that will allow you to do what you love, weather it's traveling more or spending time with your family. This show will discuss topics like product selection, private labeling, sourcing suppliers, promotions, marketing, list building , brand building, Amazon PPC, Facebook PPC and everything that works (and doesn't work) to help you better understand how to build a successful business you can be proud of.
John 00 Fleming brings you the best in serious Trance, Psy Trance, Techno and Progressive Trance + Best guests from around the world.

"A national treasure of trance music"
BBC Radio 1 (Essential mix)
"One of the Pioneers of the electronic dance music scene"
The daily Telegraph Newspaper

John 00 Fleming is an artist who has achieved international success in a career spanning over 20 years without dishonouring his musical essence or fans. With over 10 million album sales and 30 produced mix compilations, John is a proven musical pioneer whose essence lies in what his fans call, "the J00F sound". The J00F sound is as unpretentious as the artist, and is best described as deep and textured progressively edged trance, in an electronic dance music style that is an antithesis to what is normally produced within the genre.
For more than two decades the Hoover Institution has been producing Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson, a series hosted by Hoover fellow Peter Robinson as an outlet for political leaders, scholars, journalists, and today’s big thinkers to share their views with the world. Guests have included a host of famous figures, including Paul Ryan, Henry Kissinger, Antonin Scalia, Rupert Murdoch, Newt Gingrich, and Christopher Hitchens, along with Hoover fellows such as Condoleezza Rice and George Shultz.

“Uncommon Knowledge takes fascinating, accomplished guests, then sits them down with me to talk about the issues of the day,” says Robinson, an author and former speechwriter for President Reagan. “Unhurried, civil, thoughtful, and informed conversation– that’s what we produce. And there isn’t all that much of it around these days.”

The show started life as a television series in 1997 and is now distributed exclusively on the web over a growing network of the largest political websites and channels. To stay tuned for the latest updates on and episodes related to Uncommon Knowledge, follow us on Facebook and Twitter. For more than two decades the Hoover Institution has been producing Uncommon Knowledge with Peter Robinson, a series hosted by Hoover fellow Peter Robinson as an outlet for political leaders, scholars, journalists, and today’s big thinkers to share their views with the world. Guests have included a host of famous figures, including Paul Ryan, Henry Kissinger, Antonin Scalia, Rupert Murdoch, Newt Gingrich, and Christopher Hitchens, along with Hoover fellows such as Condoleezza Rice and George Shultz.

“Uncommon Knowledge takes fascinating, accomplished guests, then sits them down with me to talk about the issues of the day,” says Robinson, an author and former speechwriter for President Reagan. “Unhurried, civil, thoughtful, and informed conversation– that’s what we produce. And there isn’t all that much of it around these days.”

The show started life as a television series in 1997 and is now distributed exclusively on the web over a growing network of the largest political websites and channels. To stay tuned for the latest updates on and episodes related to Uncommon Knowledge, follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
The Backstory to Great Radio Storytelling, hosted by Rob Rosenthal, for Transom and PRX.
Roger Peng and Hilary Parker talk about the latest in data science and data analysis in academia and industry.
RingtoneFeeder is a producer of original ringtones exclusively produced and optimized to sound great on the iPhone.
	
The ringtones are produced in collaboration with or in many cases by Geoff Smith (famous for hits such as "Digg the code", "Hello, hello", "Not on the radio" and many others).

Once a ringtone has been released it will not appear in the weekly updates again. 

In this free feed we are including a ScreenCast video demo showing you just how easy it is to subscribe and to get the ringtones onto the iPhone.

This is also the feed where we will be introducing our new ringtones through a short video usually featuring Geoff Smith
Every week on The UX Blog Podcast, Nicholas Tenhue interviews user experience professionals about current trends, hot topics, and their careers. Learn about user-centered design, information architecture, user research, UX strategy, and interaction design. Nicholas interviews UXers at different stages in their career, from interns to executives. Find out more: www.theuxblog.com
Join Andy Willingham, Martin Fisher, and Steve Ragan as they discuss information security, news, and interview interesting folks.  They focus on the operational and leadership aspects of information security using a distinctly southern viewpoint.
Syndicated radio show Rover's Morning Glory blends biting commentary, ridiculous antics and discussions that would get most people fired.
We discuss the disappearance of Maura Murray, a 21 year old nursing student from Hanson, MA that left the UMass Amherst campus on February 9th, 2004 and was last seen that evening on Route 112 in Haverhill, New Hampshire.
Все секреты создания видео и продвижения роликов на Youtube для бизнеса
Singularity.FM is the 1st and best singularity podcast - the place where we interview the future.
Singularity.FM is a series of podcast interviews with the best scientists, writers, entrepreneurs, philosophers and artists - such as Ray Kurzweil, Noam Chomsky, Michio Kaku, Vernor Vinge and many others, debating the technological singularity. 
The podcast is a conversation about the impact of technology, exponential growth, transhumanism, artificial intelligence and ethics on the future of humanity: because technology is not enough!
Making machine learning easy for everyone
React Native Radio Podcast
The Wharton FinTech Podcast discusses the trends, topics and ideas that are reshaping financial services globally. It features founders, investors, students and thinkers from the world of FinTech with unique perspectives. This podcast is produced by Wharton FinTech, the first student-led FinTech initiative; visit whartonfintech.org for more details.
The 247Sports Michigan beat gets together once a month to talk all things related to Michigan football, basketball, recruiting and more. Be sure to read all of our stories at michigan.247sports.com!
Nir And Far, a podcast about business, behaviour and the brain by Nir Eyal.
In How I Built It, host Joe Casabona interviews product owners and developers to see how they built specific products, from idea to execution. Each week we will have a new guest on the show to talk about his or her process, launching, and evolving their business over time.
Did you know you can ask Siri to play you audio summaries of the latest headlines in news, business, sports, and music straight from your HomePod or iPhone? This podcast walks you through the steps. You’ll also hear samples of news briefs from our partners. These briefs are also available on Apple TV.
Talk Python to Me is a weekly podcast hosted by Michael Kennedy.
            The show covers a wide array of Python topics as well as many related
            topics (e.g. MongoDB, AngularJS, DevOps).The format is a casual 45 minute
            conversation with industry experts.
Pragmatic talk about software design best practices: design patterns, software architecture, coding for performance, object oriented programming, database design and implementation, tips, tricks and a whole lot more.



You'll be exposed to broad areas of information as well as deep dives into the guts of a programming language. Most topics discussed are relevant in any number of Object Oriented programming languages such as C#, Java, Ruby, PHP, etc.. All three of us are full stack web and database / software engineers so we discuss Javascript, HTML, SQL and a full spectrum of technologies and are open to any suggestions anyone might have for a topic.  So please join us, subscribe, and invite your computer programming friends to come along for the ride.
Software Engineering Radio is a podcast targeted at the professional software developer. The goal is to be a lasting educational resource, not a newscast. Every 10 days, a new episode is published that covers all topics software engineering. Episodes are either tutorials on a specific topic, or an interview with a well-known character from the software engineering world. All SE Radio episodes are original content — we do not record conferences or talks given in other venues. Each episode comprises two speakers to ensure a lively listening experience. SE Radio is an independent and non-commercial organization.
This series aims to teach you the high level fundamentals of machine learning from A to Z. I'll teach you the basic intuition, algorithms, and math. We'll discuss languages and frameworks, deep learning, and more. Audio may be an inferior medium to task; but with all our exercise, commute, and chores hours of the day, not having an audio supplementary education would be a missed opportunity. And where your other resources will provide you the machine learning trees, I’ll provide the forest. Additionally, consider me your syllabus. At the end of every episode I’ll provide the best-of-the-best resources curated from around the web for you to learn each episode’s details.
Weekly podcast discussion about Javascript on the front and back ends. Also discuss programming practices, coding environments, and the communities related to the technology.
Conversations with the hackers, leaders, and innovators of open source.  Hosts Adam Stacoviak and Jerod Santo face their imposter syndrome so you don’t have to. We do in-depth interviews with the best and brightest software engineers, hackers, leaders, and innovators. This is a polyglot podcast. All programming languages, platforms, and communities are welcome. Open source moves fast. Keep up.
Python Bytes is a weekly podcast hosted by Michael Kennedy and
            Brian Okken. The show is a short discussion on the headlines and noteworthy news
            in the Python, developer, and data science space.
Back to Work is an award winning talk show with Merlin Mann and Dan Benjamin discussing productivity, communication, work, barriers, constraints, tools, and more. Hosted by Merlin Mann & Dan Benjamin.
Developer Tea exists to help driven developers connect to their ultimate purpose and excel at their work so that they can positively impact the people they influence.

With over 7 million downloads to date, Developer Tea  is a short podcast hosted by Jonathan Cutrell (@jcutrell), CTO at Whiteboard. We hope you'll take the topics from this podcast and continue the conversation, either online or in person with your peers. Twitter: @developertea :: Email: developertea@gmail.com
The official podcast of the freeCodeCamp open source community.

Learn to code with free online courses, programming projects, and interview preparation for developer jobs.
Programming Throwdown attempt to educate Computer Scientists and Software Engineers on a cavalcade of programming and tech topics. Every show will cover a new programming language, so listeners will be able to speak intelligently about any programming language.
Learn how to program using the Java programming language.  This podcast will teach you step by step how to use the Java programming language to create your own applications or web applications!
.NET Rocks! is an Internet Audio Talk Show for Microsoft .NET Developers.
Smart machines based upon the principles of artificial intelligence and machine learning are now prevalent in our everyday life.  For example, artificially intelligent systems recognize our voices, sort our pictures, make purchasing suggestions, and can automatically fly planes and drive cars. In this podcast series, we examine such questions such as: How do these devices work? Where do they come from? And how can we make them even smarter and more human-like? These are the questions that will be addressed in this podcast series!
Hear the epic true tales of how developers, programmers, hackers, geeks, and open source rebels are revolutionizing the technology landscape. Command Line Heroes is a new podcast hosted by Saron Yitbarek and produced by Red Hat. Get root access to show notes, transcripts, and other associated content at https://redhat.com/commandlineheroes
On the Inside Intercom podcast you will hear the team from Intercom interview makers and do-ers from the worlds of product management, design, startups and marketing.
Data science is one of the fastest growing industries and has been called the ‘Sexiest job of the 21st Century’. But what exactly is data science?  In this podcast, brought to you by DataCamp, Hugo Bowne-Anderson approaches the question by exploring what problems data science can solve rather than defining what data science is. From automated medical diagnosis and self-driving cars to recommendation systems and climate change, come on a journey with experts from industry and academia to explore the industry that will change the course of the 21st century.
Get the most from your Mac! The show features news, tips, tricks, techniques, tutorials and reviews geared toward the casual, home and business Apple user. Covers the Mac, iPad, iPhone and other Apple products.
Guy Raz dives into the stories behind some of the world's best known companies. How I Built This weaves a narrative journey about innovators, entrepreneurs and idealists—and the movements they built.
The Dave Ramsey Show is about real life and how it revolves around money. Dave Ramsey teaches you to manage and budget your money, get out of debt, build wealth, and live in financial peace. Managing your money properly will reduce stress, improve your marriage, and provide security for you and your family. Updated: Tue, 18 Aug 2015
The economy explained. Imagine you could call up a friend and say, "Meet me at the bar and tell me what's going on with the economy." Now imagine that's actually a fun evening.
Tim Ferriss is a self-experimenter and bestselling author, best known for The 4-Hour Workweek, which has been translated into 40+ languages.  Newsweek calls him "the world's best human guinea pig," and The New York Times calls him "a cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk."  In this show, he deconstructs world-class performers from eclectic areas (investing, chess, pro sports, etc.), digging deep to find the tools, tactics, and tricks that listeners can use.
Business Unusual with Barbara Corcoran gives you an inside look at the entrepreneur's decades-long career. Hear first-person stories of the triumphs and pitfalls that have defined her success, and gain insights and advice that have helped a new generation of young entrepreneurs achieve their goals.
Real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran had 22 jobs by the age of 23. She built a $5 billion business with a $1,000 loan, and today she is a 'Shark' on ABC's Shark Tank. Her point of view is as unique as her success in New York's ultra-competitive real estate world, and her frank and frequently hilarious observations will entertain as they educate. 
Follow Business Unusual with Barbara Corcoran on iHeartRadio, or subscribe wherever you listen to podcasts.
Shut It Down and listen as Jon, the award-winning hospitality legend, best-selling author, and top-rated television personality of Bar Rescue, brings his straight talk and unapologetic approach to daily topics, current events, and celebrity guest interviews. Get ready for genuine opinions, in-your-face analysis, and unforgettable interviews. Your day isn’t complete until Jon tells you it is!  NO EXCUSES!
Welcome to The Garyvee Audio Experience, hosted by entrepreneur, CEO, investor, vlogger, and public speaker Gary Vaynerchuk. On this podcast you'll find a mix of my #AskGaryVee show episodes, keynote speeches on marketing and business, segments from my DAILYVEE video series, interviews and fireside chats I've given, as well as new and current thoughts I record originally for this audio experience!
How do more and achieve more WITHOUT being Wonder Woman. Cyran and Mel are professional women with successful careers in business and law under their belts. 

Learning how to balance it all, take care of themselves and their families, Cyran and Mel share their tips for living a full life, having a successful career as well interview women at the top of their game to get their perspective.
The wage gap. The motherhood penalty. The glass ceiling. The stories of business savvy women who battled sexism all the way to the executive suite are both thought provoking and inspiring. From Coco Chanel to Mrs. Fields, Julia Child to Martha Stewart, every Tuesday we present the triumphs of individuals ahead of their time. Through their stories, we examine their most innovative business principles and how those shaped their work and lives. Great Women of Business is part of the Parcast Network.
You spend a quarter of your life at work, so shouldn’t you enjoy it? Organizational psychologist Adam Grant takes you inside some of the world’s most unusual workplaces to discover the keys to better work. Whether you’re learning how to love criticism or trust a co-worker you can’t stand, one thing’s for sure: You’ll never see your job the same way again.
Imagine you are friends with hundreds of real estate investors and entrepreneurs. Now imagine you can grab a beer with each of them and casually chat about failures, successes, motivations, and lessons learned. That’s what The BiggerPockets Podcast delivers.

Co-hosted by BiggerPockets’ founder and CEO Joshua Dorkin and active real estate investor Brandon Turner, this podcast provides actionable advice from investors and other real estate professionals every week. The show won’t tell you how to “get rich quick” or sell you a course, boot camp, or guru system; instead, the BiggerPockets Podcast will give you real strategies that work for real people. Start listening and join the over 700k members who are learning to invest on BiggerPockets.
"It's like Steve Martin meets Steve Forbes." - Jim Stovall - NY Times Best Selling Author. Experience business school without the BS with former US SBA Entrepreneur of the Year Clay Clark and the optometrist turned business tycoon Doctor Robert Zoellner. This award-winning team has been featured on Forbes, Fast Company, Bloomberg, Pando Daily, etc.
The Trevor Chapman Show is a celebration of the human experience. Trevor seeks out the most interesting, high-achieving, and engaging human beings on the planet to discuss everything from entrepreneurship, to performance, to happiness; essentially the pursuit of the good life in all areas. Trevor Chapman has been recognized by top publications including Forbes, Entrepreneur, and CNBC as being one of the Top 1% Digital Strategists. He has been an entrepreneur for 14 years and has generated over $100 Million in his companies.
Rubicon’s first and only podcast where we share advice for techies, earth lovers and for penny pinchers!
Every week co-hosts Garrett J White and Sam Falsafi share in a weekly discussion known as “Parables from the Pit” insights from Wake Up Warrior in what is known as Warrior Week exclusively for men.  Join them as they teach tools that have taken men down to the pits of hell within themselves in order to learn how to  let go and grow by liberating themselves.
How do I build my dream job? How do I make money online? Am I ready to leave my 9 to 5? How can I create passive income? How can I grow my Instagram following? And the biggest question of all, can I *really* turn my passion into profits? 

Welcome to the Goal Digger Podcast where we will answer ALL of these questions and so much more! Week after week, host Jenna Kutcher brings you the the productivity tips, social media strategies, business hacks,, and inspirational stories that can help YOU design your dream career. Jenna shares tangible tips and hacks that she used to become a self-made millionaire in photography, online courses, Instagram sponsorships, and navigating the world of being a #girlboss social media influencer. Along with sharing her best kept secrets, she interviews the best in the industry (Amy Porterfield, Jamie Ivey, Melyssa Griffin, Lori Harder, Cathy Heller and so much more) who will share their secrets to ensure you are seen, heard, (and hired!) 

With millions of downloads and counting, the Goal Digger Movement is growing every day and now it’s YOUR TURN to hear from the experts, get inspired, and tackle your biggest goals along the way.  

What do you say? Are you in?  Because we believe that work doesn’t have to feel like work. 

For daily business tips, inspiration, (and free resources!):

INSTAGRAM: @goaldiggerpodcast

FACEBOOK: “Goal Digger Podcast Insiders”

SHOWNOTES: www.goaldiggerpodcast.com
Listen to Antonio and Tempestt take a startup tech company and build it from the ground up to a multi-million dollar company as well as interview other small business owners from around the world, to share how they created their businesses and help you avoid the mistakes they have made and will make. Brick By Brick also tackles topics that will help make a difference in your life, from leadership, gaining influence, law of attraction, positivity, as well as show you the highs and lows of building a new startup Oh yeah, business, marketing, and coaching are topics that are often discussed on this podcast. We forgot about that part. People tend to like that stuff :)
The Rainmakers Podcast is the place where we share our journey from zero to $100M in annual revenue in 8 years.  Our ecommerce business continues to grow rapidly each year, and we want to share all of the insights we learn along the way.  If you are interested in learning more about selling on Amazon, go to AMZInsiders.net for your free workshop how you can build your own ecommerce empire on Amazon.
More than Money is a podcast that creates a conversation community around how to use your values to engage with work and invest your wealth. The podcast is designed in a 12-episode season format.  Each episode is produced around two core interview segments sharing a common theme. 

In this podcast, we explore the following topic areas: (1) business ethics, (2) economic justice, (3) corporate social responsibility, (4) social entrepreneurship, (5) community development, and (6) faith and values-based investing. Find us online at http://www.morethanmoney-podcast.com.
If you believe that who you know is more important than what you know and that purposeful and persistent networking is crucial to accomplishing your goals in any area of life, then this is the podcast for you. 



Three days a week, we will be having a conversation with top leaders like John Lee Dumas, Patrick Bet-David, Dr. Ivan Misner, and many others. We will hear stories from them on how certain connections with people in their lives led to accomplishing specific goals; we’ll get the best tips and tricks on how to network effectively, gather their thoughts on the importance of networking, and much more! Each episode is geared toward you, the aspiring professional, and helps you to uncover the secrets of networking in order to push you to the next level of success in your life.



Consider this the ultimate guide to growing your inner circle, increasing your influence, and assisting others.
How do more and achieve more WITHOUT being Wonder Woman. Cyran and Mel are professional women with successful careers in business and law under their belts. 

Learning how to balance it all, take care of themselves and their families, Cyran and Mel share their tips for living a full life, having a successful career as well interview women at the top of their game to get their perspective.
If you believe that who you know is more important than what you know and that purposeful and persistent networking is crucial to accomplishing your goals in any area of life, then this is the podcast for you. 



Three days a week, we will be having a conversation with top leaders like John Lee Dumas, Patrick Bet-David, Dr. Ivan Misner, and many others. We will hear stories from them on how certain connections with people in their lives led to accomplishing specific goals; we’ll get the best tips and tricks on how to network effectively, gather their thoughts on the importance of networking, and much more! Each episode is geared toward you, the aspiring professional, and helps you to uncover the secrets of networking in order to push you to the next level of success in your life.



Consider this the ultimate guide to growing your inner circle, increasing your influence, and assisting others.
The Life Coach School Podcast is your go-to resource for learning, growing, and becoming certified as a Life Coach & Weight Loss Coach. Through this podcast, you'll hear directly from the Master Coach Brooke Castillo to help you better understand life coaching, the required skills and mindsets, and how we focus on serving the client to get them the results they seek.  At The Life Coach School, we offer a thorough and intense certification course that produces some of the most successful coaches coaching today. Learn more at TheLifeCoachSchool.com.
Would you like to accelerate your career and reach your full potential in just minutes a day? Join Kevin Kruse, a New York Times bestselling author and Inc. 500 entrepreneur as he interviews the world's top leadership experts and business executives including Dan Pink, Chris Ducker, Dave Kerpen, Rory Vaden and Dorie Clark.
Awarded Best of iTunes, The $100 MBA Show is a new kind of podcast where you simply get better at business with our practical business lessons for the real world. These no fluff episodes are packed with only the pure business building training you want.



Omar Zenhom (@TheOmarZenhom) shares some of the best lessons, concepts, examples and insights from inside The $100 MBA training and community. Omar also calls upon some of the industry's top experts as guest teachers on the show. Again, no backstories or promotions, just solid business lessons from the best in the game.
If your job requires substantial thinking and collaboration, this podcast will help you flourish at work. Each week, I grill thought-leaders and results-getters to discover specific, actionable insights that boost work performance. These practical nuggets sharpen the universal skillset every professional needs. Pete has coached world-class thinkers from 50 countries, every Ivy League university, and many elite companies to work brilliance. Now, let his VIP guests guide you to becoming a better thinker, doer, presenter, and leader.

More career fun, wins, meaning, and money await. Transcripts, show notes, and handy resources available at our website.
A daily show for everyone who works a regular job and wants to start an income-earning project on the side. In each episode, listeners will hear a different story of someone who's started a side hustle—along with what went well, how that person overcame challenges, and what happened as a result. The show is written and hosted by Chris Guillebeau, the New York Times bestselling author of The $100 Startup, The Happiness of Pursuit, and other books.
Hosted by Ken Coleman, the EntreLeadership Podcast features lively discussions and tips on leadership and business by some of the top minds in the business, like Mark Cuban, Seth Godin, Jim Collins and Simon Sinek.
Today there are so many options and so few great ones. I will share what is working and how to find happiness in what you do and how to make money doing it. Career Hacking for people of any age and any job role. This will also help anyone living anywhere.
Why do some people achieve and succeed and some do not? We are all capable of more, so what causes some to believe it and make progress toward our desires, while others get stuck? Zig Ziglar is acclaimed as the world’s premier motivator and in this show, host Kevin Miller and Ziglar star co-hosts continue the legacy by bringing you today’s top world influencers and deciphering what brought them from “zero to hero”. What do they attribute their early desire to? What did they have to do to grow that desire? How did they overcome the challenges of their lives? Listen and get massively awakened, inspired and equipped to move beyond your current reality.
Brown Ambition is a weekly podcast about juggling life, career, and building wealth on your own terms. Your hosts are Mandi Woodruff, executive editor of MagnifyMoney.com and former personal finance reporter for Yahoo Finance, and Tiffany "The Budgetnista" Aliche, an award-winning financial educator and best-selling author of "The One-Week Budget."
theSkimm's co-founders and co-CEOs, Carly Zakin and Danielle Weisberg, started their company from a couch. Now they’re bringing it back to one, and inviting powerful female leaders to sit down and chat about everything from celebrating career wins to the worst advice they've ever received. It’s an inside look at what it’s really like on the road to success. No BS, no sugarcoating.
Do you feel stuck in your job? Do you dread going to work on Monday mornings? Do you want to do work that matters? The Ken Coleman Show is for you! Join the conversation with world-class interviewer Ken Coleman as he delivers practical advice to help you discover the role you were born to play—and map out a plan to get there. Through the years, Ken has interviewed leading experts in business, sports, entertainment and politics. Now, he’s here to help answer your questions about career, passion, and talent so you can maximize your potential. If you have a question for Ken, call 844-747-2577 and subscribe to The Ken Coleman Show today.
The Business Boutique is a growing community of women who are making money doing what they love. In each episode, business coach and Ramsey Personality Christy Wright takes a deep dive into topics like marketing, selling, social media and profits. Episodes include featured interviews with top experts in each of these areas. Christy delivers motivating and thought-provoking messages while sharing stories of women who have found success that will inspire you on your journey.
Mile High Hustle, the Denver Startup Week podcast, explores the people, businesses, and ideas that are shaping Denver. 

Episodes drop every other week leading up to the 2018 Denver Startup Week - the largest free entrepreneurial event of its kind – happening September 24 – 28, 2018.

Mile High Hustle is directed by Denver Startup Week, supported by General Assembly, Husch Blackwell, and the Zayo Group, and produced by House of Pod.
Leaders are not born, they are made. This Monday show gives you access to practical wisdom that will empower you to become a better leader. Independently produced weekly since 2011, Dr. Dave Stachowiak brings you perspective from coaching a global leadership academy and more than a decade of leadership at Dale Carnegie. Take action to maximize results with wisdom from New York Times bestselling authors, expert guests, deep conversation, and regular dialogue with Coaching for Leaders listeners. Also included is one Saturday episode a month, featuring a listener success story. Activate your free membership for access to the full podcast library, searchable by topic at coachingforleaders.com/join
Real entrepreneurs pitch to real investors—for real money. In each episode, we take you behind closed doors to the critical moment when aspiring entrepreneurs put it all on the line. The Pitch delivers on the high-stakes promise of a live pitch without shying away from the nitty gritty details of what happens after everyone shakes hands and walks out of the room. Hosted by Josh Muccio from Gimlet Media.
Join our host, Who What Wear and MyDomaine co-founder Hillary Kerr, as she chronicles the career changes that can come at any age in our new podcast, Second Life.
An ongoing series of Executive Coaching Tips designed to help you be perceived in the workplace the way you want to be perceived.
SUCCESS magazine presents SUCCESS Talks, its exclusive audio program included in every issue of the magazine, as a podcast.  One of the most unique components of the magazine, SUCCESS Talks features fascinating interviews with prominent business, creative and thought leaders such as Tony Robbins, Anne Sweeney, Richard Branson, Tim Ferriss and Barbara Corcoran.  SUCCESS Talks focuses on helping the listener nurture and develop their mind, body and spirit.  Each month is thematically different and includes key takeaways designed to help you achieve your biggest goals and live your true passion.
The Dave Ramsey Show is about real life and how it revolves around money. Dave Ramsey teaches you to manage and budget your money, get out of debt, build wealth, and live in financial peace. Managing your money properly will reduce stress, improve your marriage, and provide security for you and your family. Updated: Tue, 18 Aug 2015
Tim Ferriss is a self-experimenter and bestselling author, best known for The 4-Hour Workweek, which has been translated into 40+ languages.  Newsweek calls him "the world's best human guinea pig," and The New York Times calls him "a cross between Jack Welch and a Buddhist monk."  In this show, he deconstructs world-class performers from eclectic areas (investing, chess, pro sports, etc.), digging deep to find the tools, tactics, and tricks that listeners can use.
Business Unusual with Barbara Corcoran gives you an inside look at the entrepreneur's decades-long career. Hear first-person stories of the triumphs and pitfalls that have defined her success, and gain insights and advice that have helped a new generation of young entrepreneurs achieve their goals.
Real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran had 22 jobs by the age of 23. She built a $5 billion business with a $1,000 loan, and today she is a 'Shark' on ABC's Shark Tank. Her point of view is as unique as her success in New York's ultra-competitive real estate world, and her frank and frequently hilarious observations will entertain as they educate. 
Follow Business Unusual with Barbara Corcoran on iHeartRadio, or subscribe wherever you listen to podcasts.
Imagine you are friends with hundreds of real estate investors and entrepreneurs. Now imagine you can grab a beer with each of them and casually chat about failures, successes, motivations, and lessons learned. That’s what The BiggerPockets Podcast delivers.

Co-hosted by BiggerPockets’ founder and CEO Joshua Dorkin and active real estate investor Brandon Turner, this podcast provides actionable advice from investors and other real estate professionals every week. The show won’t tell you how to “get rich quick” or sell you a course, boot camp, or guru system; instead, the BiggerPockets Podcast will give you real strategies that work for real people. Start listening and join the over 700k members who are learning to invest on BiggerPockets.
More than Money is a podcast that creates a conversation community around how to use your values to engage with work and invest your wealth. The podcast is designed in a 12-episode season format.  Each episode is produced around two core interview segments sharing a common theme. 

In this podcast, we explore the following topic areas: (1) business ethics, (2) economic justice, (3) corporate social responsibility, (4) social entrepreneurship, (5) community development, and (6) faith and values-based investing. Find us online at http://www.morethanmoney-podcast.com.
Take the guesswork out of real estate investing.  Learn how BUSY PEOPLE like you can build substantial passive income while creating wealth for the long-term.  Gain expert knowledge and advice on real estate investing as Marco Santarelli (of Norada Real Estate Investments) shares his strategies and valuable insights with a special emphasis on Turnkey (done-for-you) real estate investments.  Discover proven strategies for making money with real estate in ANY market and avoid common and costly mistakes.  If you’re looking for “bigger pockets” and ACTIONABLE advice on the road to financial freedom, then this is the podcast for you!  With new episodes every week, be sure to SUBSCRIBE TODAY!


 
  
Get your FREE copy of *The Ultimate Guide to Passive Real Estate Investing* at:  http://www.NoradaRealEstate.com  
http://www.PassiveRealEstateInvesting.com  


  
  
Podcast website:  http://www.PassiveRealEstateInvesting.com
Scott Alan Turner is a former money moron, living the paycheck-to-paycheck lifestyle, losing $40k in the stock market, and racking up a load of credit card debt. But by age 35, he turned it all around and became a self-made millionaire. 

In a world of get-rich-quick schemes, biased advice, and financial Pied Pipers, Scott’s authentic, no-holds-bared approach makes it possible for anyone to absolutely rock their personal finances.

Scott is on a mad mission to help you get financial independence, ultimate happiness and a life full of awesome experiences. With his rebel style, off-beat humor, and signature life-on-your-own-terms approach, Scott’s inspiring a movement of Financial Rock Stars across the globe.
In a world of immense uncertainty, economic volatility and unprecedented change, how can you be unshakeable? In this podcast, Tony Robbins and his co-host, Peter Mallouk, reveal the secrets of those who have navigated through the fiercest of storms and still come out on top. Learn how to not only survive, but to thrive, and achieve long-term financial freedom – no matter what is happening in the world around you. 

Brought to you in collaboration with Creative Planning, a SEC Registered Investment Advisor, where Tony Robbins is a board member and Chief of Investor Psychology. Mr. Robbins receives compensation for serving in this capacity and based on increased business derived by the company from his services.

Visit: unshakeable.com
In the spirit of Robert Kiyosaki’s Rich Dad Poor Dad and Gary Keller’s Millionaire Real Estate Investor, and as an alternate to the Dave Ramsey, Jim Cramer, Motley Fool and Suze Orman shows, Matt Theriault, real estate investor, entrepreneur and author will show you how to create wealth through conventional and creative real estate investing while improving your financial education so you will have the option to realistically retire in the next ten years, or less… and enjoy the good life while you’re still young enough to do so.

This free podcast and course in real estate investing serves as a portal to multiple real estate investing courses making it a complete step-by-step and comprehensive real estate investing program and resource.
Learn the real estate investing strategies from experts around the country on how to get started in real estate investing or grow your existing portfolio. Moneeka Sawyer has built a multi-million dollar business using real estate as her vehicle to build what she calls, Blissful Wealth, only working 5 hours per month. She loves empowering women to do the same.   In this podcast you will not only learn great investing strategies, but also how to get the mindset and heartset so you can profit from real estate and enjoy the journey.  Learn to retire rich and live your bliss.
30-year financial talk radio veteran, Don McDonald and former host of Serious Money on PBS, Tom Cock, reunite on a weekly call-in program talking about real money issues. Each week they solve real money problems, dole out real investing (not speculating) advice, and really explain the financial issues that effect all of us. It's a show designed to provide the real help we all need to enjoy a really great future. Call in your questions anytime at 855-935-TALK (8255).
The Legalwiz Podcast offers sage advice for people who want to use real estate to earn more money and take control of their financial future.  Twice a month, Attorney Best-Selling author Bill Bronchick shares his 25 years experience on the Legalwiz Podcast.
Money and investing are too simple to feel so complicated. Thirty year financial talk radio host, Don McDonald, shares over three decades of money wisdom in this series of short podcasts that get to meat of money matters.  Money Thirty brings you the truth about saving, investing, and protecting YOUR money without the pain in the brain caused by listening to most financial “experts.” On Money Thirty, Don will teach you how to save more easily, avoid getting ripped off, and show you how you can invest better based on solid science and decades of experience. If you find the information valuable, please tell a friend and leave a review.
Craig Cobb hosts The Trader Cobb Crypto Podcast unpacking his 15 years plus experience in traditional stock markets, FX, commodities and bonds (as well as over 6 years as a mentor to tens of thousands of traders), TraderCobb has worked with some of the biggest names in trading. Featured across network TV shows in Australia, presenting his knowledge to traders, TraderCobb and his team are dedicated to bringing a new standard of education to the cryptocurrency marketplace. 

NOTE: This is not financial advice, Craig Cobb is not a financial advisor and NEVER provides tips on what to buy, sell or hold EVER. This podcast is to give his views and share a fun environment to have a chat about all things crypto and beyond. If you wish to invest in anything make sure you seek advice from your financial advisor first.
Why bother searching for the best blogs about personal finance when it can be found and read for you? Think of Optimal Finance Daily as an audioblog or blogcast.

Optimal Finance Daily is a podcast created for those looking to improve their financial lives one step at a time: lifelong learners and life optimizers. We bring you the best content from blogs and other resources and read it to you, so that you don't have to waste your time finding and reading blogs yourself--listen during your commute, workout, regular routines, or during your down time 7 days a week and improve your life one step at a time. Each episode brings you a reading from a popular blog post or resource--practical and actionable information that has been proven to be worthy of large audiences.

Current sites and authors include:
IWillTeachYouToBeRich.com - Ramit Sethi
MrMoneyMustache.com - Mr. Money Mustache
ZenHabits.net - Leo Babauta
TheMinimalists.com - Joshua Fields Millburn and Ryan Nicodemus
StevePavlina.com - Steve Pavlina
BlondeOnABudget.ca - Cait Flanders
BudgetsAreSexy.com - J. Money
EarlyRetirementExtreme.com - Jacob Lund Fisker
BecomingMinimalist.com - Joshua Becker
BeMoreWithLess.com - Courtney Carver

and more being added!
Subscribe now--your optimal life awaits!

*Optimal Finance Daily has received permission from the original authors to read content on this show.
First, we like to have fun.  Second, we read and talk about the books that have influenced billionaires the most.  We typically talk about Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, Ray Dalio, Stanley Druckenmiller, George Soros, and other financial billionaires.
The "Motley Fool Money" radio show airs each week on stations across America, including top-10 markets Los Angeles, San Francisco, Atlanta, Boston and Washington, DC. The show features a team of Motley Fool analysts discussing the week's top business and investing stories, interviews, and an inside look at the stocks on our radar.
Number-one, best-selling author Chris Hogan wants to turn the tables on how we think about retirement. Retirement isn’t an age; it’s a financial number! It’s not about how old you are; it’s about how much money you need to live your retirement dream! In each episode, America’s trusted voice on retirement unpacks topics like saving, investing, budgeting, building wealth, and everything else you need to win long-term. Plus he answers your questions and highlights successful men and women who are winning the retirement game. Whether you’re 25 or 55, this podcast will change your life—today and tomorrow!
Jonathan & Brad explore the world of Financial Independence. They discuss reducing expenses, crushing debt, building passive income streams through online businesses and real estate. How to pay off debt, Crush your grocery bill and travel the world for free. Every episode is packed with content and actionable tips and no topic is too big or small as long as it speeds up the process of reaching financial independence.  If Mr Money Mustache, Tim Ferriss & Pat Flynn came together to make a podcast, this is what it would look like.
Are you making money wholesaling Real Estate? Do you regularly make assignment fees of $10k to $50k (AND MORE) per deal? Would you like to be? 

Join America’s #1 Real Estate Wholesaling coach, Tom Krol along with 7 Figure Wholesaler, Cody Hofhine as they lead you by the hand to help you CRUSH your income goals! 

This Podcast is NOT about theory, stories or fluff. It’s all about taking MASSIVE action and following instruction rather than more education (most people get stuck in “education mode”). This Podcast will be unlike anything you’ve ever heard before! 

Each episode is JAM PACKED with “step by step instruction” so you can literally duplicate the success of our guests and go out there and start making money TODAY in wholesaling.

In every episode, we put our guests in the hot seat and deep dive a recent deal they’ve made…and do it all in LESS than 20 minutes!! Specific details include: EXACT marketing methods used to find properties (direct mail, PPC, Bandit signs, etc), techniques for buying and selling the deals, next level closing strategies, and even the exact dollar amount made on the deal! Bam!!

Whether you’re a newbie or a seasoned wholesaler, if you’ve ever thought about starting (or exploding) a wholesaling business, you’re in the right place.

Come be a fly on the wall and listen in on these conversations as our guest’s spill their guts. It could be the only Podcast you ever need to listen to.
Welcome to The Garyvee Audio Experience, hosted by entrepreneur, CEO, investor, vlogger, and public speaker Gary Vaynerchuk. On this podcast you'll find a mix of my #AskGaryVee show episodes, keynote speeches on marketing and business, segments from my DAILYVEE video series, interviews and fireside chats I've given, as well as new and current thoughts I record originally for this audio experience!
The Trevor Chapman Show is a celebration of the human experience. Trevor seeks out the most interesting, high-achieving, and engaging human beings on the planet to discuss everything from entrepreneurship, to performance, to happiness; essentially the pursuit of the good life in all areas. Trevor Chapman has been recognized by top publications including Forbes, Entrepreneur, and CNBC as being one of the Top 1% Digital Strategists. He has been an entrepreneur for 14 years and has generated over $100 Million in his companies.
How do I build my dream job? How do I make money online? Am I ready to leave my 9 to 5? How can I create passive income? How can I grow my Instagram following? And the biggest question of all, can I *really* turn my passion into profits? 

Welcome to the Goal Digger Podcast where we will answer ALL of these questions and so much more! Week after week, host Jenna Kutcher brings you the the productivity tips, social media strategies, business hacks,, and inspirational stories that can help YOU design your dream career. Jenna shares tangible tips and hacks that she used to become a self-made millionaire in photography, online courses, Instagram sponsorships, and navigating the world of being a #girlboss social media influencer. Along with sharing her best kept secrets, she interviews the best in the industry (Amy Porterfield, Jamie Ivey, Melyssa Griffin, Lori Harder, Cathy Heller and so much more) who will share their secrets to ensure you are seen, heard, (and hired!) 

With millions of downloads and counting, the Goal Digger Movement is growing every day and now it’s YOUR TURN to hear from the experts, get inspired, and tackle your biggest goals along the way.  

What do you say? Are you in?  Because we believe that work doesn’t have to feel like work. 

For daily business tips, inspiration, (and free resources!):

INSTAGRAM: @goaldiggerpodcast

FACEBOOK: “Goal Digger Podcast Insiders”

SHOWNOTES: www.goaldiggerpodcast.com
The Rainmakers Podcast is the place where we share our journey from zero to $100M in annual revenue in 8 years.  Our ecommerce business continues to grow rapidly each year, and we want to share all of the insights we learn along the way.  If you are interested in learning more about selling on Amazon, go to AMZInsiders.net for your free workshop how you can build your own ecommerce empire on Amazon.
Join YouTube superstar and entrepreneur Natalie Alzate, aka Natalies Outlet, as she interviews established and emerging digital stars and dives deep into how they tackle success. From learning about their goals, approach, successes, failures and secrets to how they got to where they are, #Viral is a must listen for those who are curious and want to conquer the industry. New episodes drop every Friday!​
Short-term wins are easy. Sustained achievement is another story. On Lead to Win join New York Times bestselling author Michael Hyatt and discover how current research combines with timeless wisdom for lasting success. From personal productivity to personal development, self-leadership to team leadership, and intentionality to influence, get the insights and tools you need to win at work and succeed at life.
No role plays; just real. Chris & Lorenzo share four decades of combined experience to help you become a more effective leader. Keeping employees engaged and doing their best work today requires a leadership language focused on soft skills like empathy, emotional intelligence, and a desire to make personal connections. Many leaders want to succeed in this brave new world but employees continue to report poor engagement and they continue to leave companies about every three years. Listen every Monday and Thursday, and become a leader who people never want to leave.
#HackingYourLeadership #StarkEngagementConsulting #LifeOfLozo #leadership
A weekly podcast featuring the leading thinkers in business and management from Harvard Business Review.
Scott and Brittney Schwertly uncover the secret ingredients presenters use to woo their audiences and wow their listeners. Whether in a boardroom or a ballroom, you'll learn how to achieve presentation greatness. So prepare yourself for standing ovations.
The Flip My Funnel Podcast is a daily podcast hosted by entrepreneur, CMO, and founder of the #FlipMyFunnel movement, Sangram Vajre. On this show, you’ll find a mix of interviews with sales and marketing experts, keynotes from Flip My Funnel events, conversations about staying aligned across an entire organization, fundamental leadership principles, and commentary on great content that’s been published on the Flip My Funnel blog. Ultimately, this podcast is dedicated to helping B2B marketing, sales, and customer success professionals become masters of their craft. 

Each episode features topics like: leadership, sales and marketing alignment, account-based marketing (ABM), content marketing, marketing technology (MarTech), B2B marketing, B2B sales, customer success, strategic partnerships, agile marketing, buyer personas, content creation and promotion, social media and more.
The best route to success is modeling successful people. And if you’re working with your spouse, how do you find model couples? CoupleCo: Working With Your Spouse For Fun & Profit features interviews with couples in business together who are crushing it in the 21st century. This is where you can hear their stories, glean insights into their systems, pitfalls, failures, must-do's and working styles. And, there are plenty of laughs. Welcome to CoupleCo. It’s business—and it’s personal.
Pat Flynn from The Smart Passive Income Blog reveals all of his online business and blogging strategies, income sources and killer marketing tips and tricks so you can be ahead of the curve with your online business or blog. Discover how you can create multiple passive income streams that work for you so that you can have the time and freedom to do what you love, whether it's traveling the world, or just living comfortably at home. Although Pat confesses he is not a millionaire, he's been supporting his family 100% with passive income generated online, easily earning a six-figure salary while working only a few hours a week. Automation, outsourcing, crowdsourcing, search engine optimization, building authority and trust, niche sites, social media, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Podcasting, eBooks, online courses, affiliate marketing, getting things done and everything that works (and doesn't work) to help you better understand how to crush it with your online business.
How do I start an online business? Grow my email list to thousands of subscribers? Sell more and grow faster? These are just some of the big questions that leading online marketing strategist, Amy Porterfield, digs into on the top-ranked Online Marketing Made Easy Podcast. Featuring insights from A-List online marketing experts (Russell Brunson, John Lee Dumas, Rick Mulready, Marie Forleo, etc.) as well as mini marketing masterclasses and step-by-step guides, each episode is designed to help you take immediate action on the most important strategies for starting, scaling and automating your online business. Amy’s specialty is getting into the online trenches with you. Thinking about creating an online course? Want to promote with webinars? Need help with your Facebook ads? Discover why hundreds of thousands of online business owners turn to Amy Porterfield to generate more profits and to make sense of the online marketing space, implement the strategies that really get results, and turn that side hustle into a business that lasts.
The Influencer Podcast is an innovative podcast that explores the secrets behind the ever-changing trends of influencer marketing and the careers of today’s top social influencers. Hosted by marketing strategist, New York Times best-selling publicist and influencer Julie Solomon, Julie and guests join in the conversation to share how they engage, persuade and grow their unique influence, and how their work impacts the influencer industry. Julie brings you marketing and branding strategies with Marie Forleo, Amy Porterfield, Lauryn Evarts of The Skinny Confidential, Melyssa Griffin and more. Through each episode, learn how to strengthen, monetize and build your own industry-leading influence.
FBA Millionaires is a Amazon private label podcast designed to help you pursue your goal of earning a 7-figure income as a professional Amazon Seller. Jeff Allen and Will Moffett are thrilled to inspire, uncover new strategies and get you in the FBA Millionaires Club.
Work can be frustrating. How can you get along with that maddening coworker? Figure out what your unapproachable boss really wants? Motivate your demoralized team? "Dear HBR:" is here to help. With empathy, experience, and humor, veteran Harvard Business Review editors and co-hosts Alison Beard and Dan McGinn explore solutions to your workplace dilemmas. Bolstered by insights from guests and academic research, they help you navigate thorny situations to find a better way forward.
In this month’s podcast, Andy will begin a two-part conversation about the complexity of purpose.
Women face gender discrimination throughout our careers. It doesn't have to derail our ambitions — but how do we prepare to deal with it? There's no workplace orientation session about narrowing the wage gap, standing up to interrupting male colleagues, or taking on many other issues we encounter at work. So HBR editors Amy Bernstein, Sarah Green Carmichael, and Nicole Torres are untangling some of the knottiest problems. They interview experts on gender, tell stories about their own experiences, and give lots of practical advice to help you succeed in spite of the obstacles.
Whether you’re a seasoned entrepreneur or desperate to quit your day job, this show has you covered. Hosts Chalene and Brock Johnson bring both perspectives - whether your goal is to earn extra income on the side, or take the growth of your online business to the next level. Get top tips to build social media, grow your email list, develop digital marketing strategies, boost automated sales and create additional streams of income on a limited budget. Learn to share your story and convert followers into loyal customers with New York Times Best Selling Author, Business Coach & Serial Entrepreneur Chalene Johnson and her son Brock Johnson, Part-Time Entrepreneur, Speaker and Story-Telling Strategist. Enjoy expert guest interviews and quick episodes with actionable steps. Whether you’re a business owner, aspiring entrepreneur or someone who just wants to make extra money on the side, this is your show!
If you’re frustrated because you struggle to get the word out about your product or service, the Building a Story Brand Podcast will help. Fans of the podcast are ecstatic about the fun and entertaining way Donald Miller brings you practical advice about clarifying your message and growing your business. Don and the StoryBrand team are the world's leading experts in harnessing the 2,000 year-old proven power of story formulas to get people talking about your brand. Get your message out, grow your company, stand out in the marketplace, and have a blast doing it! Subscribe to the Building a Story Brand Podcast today.

Previous guests include: Dave Ramsey, Ken Blanchard, Scott Hamilton, Michael Hyatt, Jeff Walker, Brian Clark, and many others.
"It's like Steve Martin meets Steve Forbes." - Jim Stovall - NY Times Best Selling Author. Experience business school without the BS with former US SBA Entrepreneur of the Year Clay Clark and the optometrist turned business tycoon Doctor Robert Zoellner. This award-winning team has been featured on Forbes, Fast Company, Bloomberg, Pando Daily, etc.
Delivering to you on the show great ideas, tactics, strategies and hopefully some inspiration that could help shape and transform areas of your life that you want to improve, whether that's your body, or your mind, your business or your family.
Top stories. Timely insights. Mirrored after the popular WSJ column, get updates twice daily for your commute as our journalists cover world events, business, politics, markets and the economy.
Fintech Insider, hosted by David M. Brear, Jason Bates, Chris Skinner and Simon Taylor, is a tri-weekly podcast dedicated to all things fintech, banking and financial services. David, Jason, Simon and Chris are joined weekly by a range of fantastic guests discuss the latest news, developments, and trends within the industry. 
On Fintech Insider Insights, they speak to subject matter experts for deep dives on APIs, AI, digital banking, and all other areas disrupting our industry. FinTech Insider Interviews brings you one-on-one interviews with the thought leaders and innovators transforming financial services. Fintech Insider News show sees our hosts and guests try to make sense of the top stories from the industry in the last week
Whether you're a fintech expert or you're just keen to know more, then this is the podcast for you!
We provide you with entrepreneur interviews and startup news from Germany to keep you on your toes.
Marketplace® is the leading business news program in the nation. Host Kai Ryssdal and our team of reporters bring you clear explorations of how economic news affects you, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Airing each weekday evening on your local public radio station or on-demand anytime, Marketplace is your liaison between economics and life. Marketplace with Kai Ryssdal is part of the Marketplace portfolio of public radio programs broadcasting nationwide, which additionally includes Marketplace Morning Report®, Marketplace Weekend®, and Marketplace Tech®. Visit marketplace.org for more. From American Public Media. Twitter: @Marketplace
Bloomberg Opinion columnist Barry Ritholtz looks at the people and ideas that shape markets, investing and business.
Quick, clear, and fun. Hosts Jack Kramer and Nick Martell filter out the noise to break down the daily digestible business stories you'll actually care about. Get informed (and enjoy it) in under 20 minutes with the MarketSnacks Daily.
The McKinsey Podcast, our new flagship podcast series, takes you inside our global firm, and features conversations with experts on issues that matter most in business and management. McKinsey & Company is a management-consulting firm that helps businesses, governments, and not-for-profit organizations realize their most important goals. Topics covered in this series include strategy, technology, leadership, marketing, operations, organization, and the role of business in society.
Tom Keene, Jon Ferro, and Pimm Fox have the economy and the markets "under surveillance" as they cover the latest in finance, economics and investment, and talk with the leading voices shaping the conversation around world markets.
MarketFoolery is a fast-paced look at the day's top business and investing stories.
Sam Altman and the folks from Y Combinator offer up an amazing course in "How To Start A Startup" at Stanford. Course includes lectures from: Sam Altman, Dustin Moskovitz, Paul Graham, Adora Cheung, Peter Thiel, Alex Schultz, Kevin Hale, Marc Andreessen, Ron Conway, Ben Silbermann, Alfred Lin, Patrick and John Collison, Aaron Levie, Reid Hoffman, Keith Rabois, Ben Horowitz, Marissa Mayer, Hosian Rahman, Kirsty Nathoo, Carolynn Levy, and more
Crypto assets and blockchain technology are about to transform every trust-based interaction of our lives, from financial services to identity to the Internet of Things. In this podcast, host Laura Shin, an independent journalist covering all things crypto, talks with industry pioneers about how crypto assets and blockchains will change the way we earn, spend and invest our money. Tune in to find out how Web 3.0, the decentralized web, will revolutionize our world. Disclosure: I'm a nocoiner.
Speed through top news in a flash. Get the most important stories you need to know from The Wall Street Journal in only 60 seconds.
Our GTD podcasts are here to support you at every stage of your GTD practice. You will hear interviews with people from all walks of life about their journey with GTD, from beginners to those who have been at it for years. The podcasts include personal and professional stories, as well as practical tips about GTD systems for desktop and mobile, using apps and paper. Start listening now and you'll be well on your way to stress-free productivity.
News and analysis from Financial Times reporters around the world. FT News is produced by Fiona Symon.
Bloomberg’s Joe Weisenthal and Tracy Alloway take you on a not-so random weekly walk through hot topics in markets, finance and economics.
Selected articles from the audio edition of The Economist
Events in crypto take place at warp speed. This weekly crypto podcast reveals how the marquee names in crypto are reacting to the week’s top headlines. With host Laura Shin, the guests also discuss what they’re thinking about these days and reveal what they believe is on the horizon in crypto. Disclosure: I'm a nocoiner.
A weekly podcast that examines the inner workings of the global economy.
Rubicon’s first and only podcast where we share advice for techies, earth lovers and for penny pinchers!
Featuring interviews with Etsy shop owners. Get to hear the personal Etsy stories behind your favorite Etsy shops as well as those you haven't yet discovered. it all began when a Turkish classical musician, a graphic designer, and an iPhone newbie/crafting geek all happily collided in the summer of 2013 in a happy conspiracy that birthed the new host and the revival of the Etsy Conversations Podcast. As an iPhone newbie trying to figure out what the funny-looking purple icon on her phone was, Ijeoma discovered a podcast that was in desperate need of life support. A few conversations, emails and two to five petite cups of Turkish apple tea later, the podcast went from the brink of obsolescence to becoming the watercooler hub for all things Etsy, handmade, and arts & crafts-related. The Etsy Conversations Podcast is the home of inspiring interviews with and for veteran and newbie Etsy sellers where you get tips, techniques, and tools to make you a better more successful Etsy seller by learning from other Etsy sellers. If you’re looking for ways to get more sales and more traffic to your Etsy shop, be a guest on the Etsy Conversations Podcast and promote your Etsy shop to thousands of listeners across the globe while inspiring other Etsy sellers to take their Etsy business to the next level. Connect virtually on Twitter with @ConvoMePodcast (https://twitter.com/ConvoMePodcast) as well as on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/EtsyConversationsPodcast), Pinterest (http://www.pinterest.com/convomepodcast/) and Google+ (https://plus.google.com/105768205195648489315/posts) with Etsy Conversations Podcast - Follow us, Like us, Pin us, and join our Circle to become a part of the Etsy Convo community.
Business with Purpose takes you “behind the scenes” with some of the world’s most generous entrepreneurs with host Molly Stillman of "still being molly blog - stillbeingmolly.com." From the CEOs of mission-driven brands, to directors of small, community non-profits, and everything in between, Molly is sitting down with men and women who believe in changing the world through not only their personal lives, but also their professional careers. We believe that every person was created with a purpose, for a purpose and this podcast gives inspiration for how we can all make an impact by supporting businesses with purpose.
The podcast to help you save money on things you need, spend less on the rest, and embrace frugality without being cheap.
Today's most successful eBay sellers and business entrepreneurs share their knowledge with you.  Whether you are considering starting an eBay business or just want to know how to improve your existing eBay business. " So You Wanna Sell On eBay" delivers the questions that are on the minds of every eBay seller out there.  Who better to motivate you and give you great business advise than those making it happen in their world.  We also interview internationally known entrepreneurs that will inspire you and get your feet moving toward a better business.  We are passionate about helping others.  "So You Wanna Sell On eBay" is your eBay podcast.
Insights and actionable advice for Etsy Shops from hosts Richie, Gordon, and Kevin of Marmalead. Lessons learned, seller Q&A, and guest chats with shops are all things you can look forward to on Etsy Jam. Tune in if you're ready to take your shop to the next level!
Before You Buy is a product reviews show on the TWiT Network. TWiT staff get together to test out the latest gadgets--everything from phones to cameras--to help consumers make wise buying decisions. You've got to watch... Before You Buy!

Although the show is no longer in production, you can enjoy episodes from the TWiT Archives.
Before You Buy is a product reviews show on the TWiT Network. TWiT staff get together to test out the latest gadgets--everything from phones to cameras--to help consumers make wise buying decisions. You've got to watch... Before You Buy!

Although the show is no longer in production, you can enjoy episodes from the TWiT Archives.
Before You Buy is a product reviews show on the TWiT Network. TWiT staff get together to test out the latest gadgets--everything from phones to cameras--to help consumers make wise buying decisions. You've got to watch... Before You Buy!

Although the show is no longer in production, you can enjoy episodes from the TWiT Archives.
Adrian Goldberg presents cutting edge investigative journalism, as well as taking on listeners' campaigns and consumer issues
Before You Buy is a product reviews show on the TWiT Network. TWiT staff get together to test out the latest gadgets--everything from phones to cameras--to help consumers make wise buying decisions. You've got to watch... Before You Buy!

Although the show is no longer in production, you can enjoy episodes from the TWiT Archives.
고품격 소비방송, 창조적으로 소비하라
Conversations about ecommerce, starting an online business, running a business while traveling the world, the tools & tech we use, and more.
Each week, TV personality, syndicated newspaper consumer columnist, and stage improv comedian Josh Elledge, Chief Executive Angel of SavingsAngel.com shares how to save money, make more money, and live a more abundant life. Listen for deals, freebies, coupons and other money-saving tools. Learn how to save money at the grocery store without extreme couponing. Learn how to earn more money with abundance mindset and some great ideas for starting your own business and working on the side. Need shopping recommendations and product reviews? This is the right place.



I regularly discuss product reviews, travel savings, energy savings, holiday black Friday Christmas shopping secrets, how to save money with your car, internet shopping savings, family savings with kids, how to be more productive, how to have less stress, and get organized. You’ll also learn how personal development and personal finance skills can help you lead to a more abundant life. Recommended for moms, dads, singles, retired, college students, business owners, and anyone in leadership position.
The Saturday Morning Breakfast Club Podcast is produced by The Knitting Boutique, a local yarn located in Glen Burnie, Maryland.  www.KnittingBoutique.com
Fashion, Beauty, Health, Life.. TARGET!
Lauren talks on these topics while including her recent favorite finds from Target! Follow along to find out more from her Target loving guests that she interviews in hopes to share tips, tricks, and Target finds.
The world's first daily podcast about selling physical products on Amazon.com. Tune in to find out how you can get your products in front of millions of Amazon.com loyal customers
The Artelligence Podcast unpacks the mysteries of the global art market through interviews with collectors, dealers, auction house specialists, lawyers, art advisors and the myriad individuals who make the art market a beguiling mixture of sublime beauty and commercial acumen.
SoleCollector.com's Rich "Maze" Lopez and Brendan Dunne sit down with sneaker insiders to discuss the biggest stories of the week and lay out recommendations for what to buy (and what not to buy) this weekend.
Are you an Outlier? Join Ever Gonzalez 5 days a week as he interviews founders, disruptors and mavens who are breaking the status quo and changing the world! Listen in as these entreprenerial leaders share a behind-the-scenes view of their personal journey to success. Be part of a one-on-one mentoring session where we discuss specific business strategies.
A gang of misfits band together to discuss their lives as YouTubers and provide a behind the scenes look at the crazy adventures they’ve had along the way.
Jim Beaver brings you the #1 Action Motorsports Radio Show on the planet covering the world of racing with some of the biggest interviews in motorsports! #GameOn
America's funniest auto mechanics take calls from weary car owners all over the country, and crack wise while they diagnose Dodges and dismiss Diahatsus. You don't have to know anything about cars to love this one hour weekly laugh fest.
It's Wood is a show about all things woodworking from the tools we use, to the companies who make them and the artisans who use them. Remember, if its wood, we're good
Nintendo Power Podcast is the official podcast of Nintendo of America, with discussions and commentary from Nintendo staff and special guests.
IGN shoots a week’s worth of gaming news straight into your ear!
Giant Bomb discusses the latest video game news and new releases, taste-test questionable beverages, and get wildly off-topic in this weekly podcast.
New episode every Monday at 9AM PT!
Get the show early at Patreon.com/KindaFunnyGames
Watch the free video version at YouTube.com/KindaFunnyGames

Every week Tim Gettys and Greg Miller discuss the games they are playing and the biggest topics in the video game industry. Sometimes there are guests, sometimes there is a wiener dog, all the times Tim will say something ridiculous.
Part pub quiz show, part offbeat news, and all awesome. All the time! We here are nuts about trivia. And we are darn sure there are people out there who share our unusual obsession. Do you relish beating your friends at Trivial Pursuit? Do you blab out the answers at the gym when Jeopardy! is on? Then this podcast, fellow trivia nut, is the ultimate mental nutrition for your very big brain. So eat up!
Game Informer's staff break down the week's biggest releases, reveal exclusive information on exciting games on the horizon, respond to listener emails, play game-focused trivia, and interview the most interesting developers in the industry. Check it out!
A weekly video game podcast for the nerd-inclined! Join Andrea Rene, Brittney Brombacher and Kristine Steimer as they analyze the week's video game news, give hands-on impressions of upcoming titles, discuss your questions, and have a little bit of "off topic" conversation. Also, what's a gaming podcast without some alcohol from time to time?
Kotaku's Kirk Hamilton and Jason Schreier talk about all things gaming and maybe more.
IGN editors discuss all things Nintendo. Now you're playing with power!
The IGN PlayStation Team sits down and talks all things Sony, sprinkling a little madness and song along the way. Podcast Beyond is the premiere source for Sony news, opinions and old-fashioned shenanigans.
Love video games? IGN's Podcast Unlocked is your source for everything Xbox One. If you live and breathe Halo, Gears of War, Forza, and more, Podcast Unlocked has you covered. Tune in every week for the latest video game news for Xbox One and Xbox Live junkies around the globe.
That Fallout Show is a podcast all about Fallout! We will cover lore, news, gameplay, mods and much more in this bi-weekly podcast. So join us, your true Wasteland companion guides as we walk through the Fallout together. See you in the Wasteland!
What's good, Internet? Join Waypoint's Austin Walker and Patrick Klepek twice a week, as they break down the biggest stories in video games and unfairly compare everything to Dark Souls.
Watch LIVE every weekday at 12PM PT on
twitch.com/kindafunnygames
Watch the free video version at YouTube.com/KindaFunnyGames

Greg Miller hosts the world's #1 daily video game news podcast alongside industry veterans Andrea Rene, Tim Gettys, and Gary Whitta.
A show discussing all things Destiny Crucible - Strategies, tips, meta-game, map guides, loadouts, and more! Inspired by the subreddit r/CruciblePlaybook, Crucible Radio aims to be an additional resource for expanding your arsenal, improving your game, and getting more enjoyment out of Destiny's player vs. player content.
Your weekly source for all things Commander (aka EDH), a multiplayer Magic: The Gathering format, with hosts Jimmy Wong and Josh Lee Kwai. Focused on all aspects of gameplay and strategy from table politics, budget builds, to deck building and more!
A gang of misfits band together to discuss their lives as YouTubers and provide a behind the scenes look at the crazy adventures they’ve had along the way.
Nintendo Power Podcast is the official podcast of Nintendo of America, with discussions and commentary from Nintendo staff and special guests.
IGN shoots a week’s worth of gaming news straight into your ear!
Giant Bomb discusses the latest video game news and new releases, taste-test questionable beverages, and get wildly off-topic in this weekly podcast.
Game Informer's staff break down the week's biggest releases, reveal exclusive information on exciting games on the horizon, respond to listener emails, play game-focused trivia, and interview the most interesting developers in the industry. Check it out!
A weekly video game podcast for the nerd-inclined! Join Andrea Rene, Brittney Brombacher and Kristine Steimer as they analyze the week's video game news, give hands-on impressions of upcoming titles, discuss your questions, and have a little bit of "off topic" conversation. Also, what's a gaming podcast without some alcohol from time to time?
Kotaku's Kirk Hamilton and Jason Schreier talk about all things gaming and maybe more.
IGN editors discuss all things Nintendo. Now you're playing with power!
The IGN PlayStation Team sits down and talks all things Sony, sprinkling a little madness and song along the way. Podcast Beyond is the premiere source for Sony news, opinions and old-fashioned shenanigans.
Love video games? IGN's Podcast Unlocked is your source for everything Xbox One. If you live and breathe Halo, Gears of War, Forza, and more, Podcast Unlocked has you covered. Tune in every week for the latest video game news for Xbox One and Xbox Live junkies around the globe.
That Fallout Show is a podcast all about Fallout! We will cover lore, news, gameplay, mods and much more in this bi-weekly podcast. So join us, your true Wasteland companion guides as we walk through the Fallout together. See you in the Wasteland!
A show discussing all things Destiny Crucible - Strategies, tips, meta-game, map guides, loadouts, and more! Inspired by the subreddit r/CruciblePlaybook, Crucible Radio aims to be an additional resource for expanding your arsenal, improving your game, and getting more enjoyment out of Destiny's player vs. player content.
Each week, four of Polygon’s best and brightest gather to cover the latest news, chat about games, and answer your burning questions. We record it and put it online. What a concept! It’s the Polygon Show.
The Fortnite Podcast with TwoLoudTX & MonsterDFace is a weekly dedicated Fortnite show covering all things Fortnite Battle Royale. Brought to by Dexerto.com
IGN's Destiny addicts convene to talk about the joys, trials, and tribulations of life as a Guardian.
The Giant Bomb East team gathers to talk about the week in video games, their lives, and basically anything that interests them. All from New York City!
Get FREE RINGTONES when you subscribe! The World's most popular comedy text alerts, ringtones & alarms are now videos.  Enjoy these funny animations from Hahaas Comedy Ringtones!  Search HAHAAS in iTunes for thousands more.  Visit Hahaas.com for more info.
The Instance: Weekly radio for fans and lovers of World of Warcraft. We don't take sides, we don't whine, we just give you the facts, news and tips that you want and need for your favorite online addiction. Come meet us at the stone for another Instance!
The official podcast of GamersWithJobs.com, every week the guys discuss the latest games, issues affecting the industry and more! This is THE gaming podcast for mature gamers.
New FaZe Cast podcast from a legendary FaZe Clan crew.
Real talk, fresh guests on a weekly basis.
Jim Beaver brings you the #1 Action Motorsports Radio Show on the planet covering the world of racing with some of the biggest interviews in motorsports! #GameOn
America's funniest auto mechanics take calls from weary car owners all over the country, and crack wise while they diagnose Dodges and dismiss Diahatsus. You don't have to know anything about cars to love this one hour weekly laugh fest.
Tesla Motors enthusiasts looking for a show about the latest news and analysis on the all-electric high-performance vehicle company need look no further. Ride the Lightning: Tesla Motors Unofficial Podcast is a weekly show made for Tesla fans and owners by Tesla community veteran Ryan McCaffrey. Each week we'll cover everything happening with the Model 3, Model S, Model X, Gigafactory, and more!
What's the history of stop lights? What are some common myths about car dealerships? Join Scott and Ben as they take a closer look at all things automotive in CarStuff, a podcast by HowStuffWorks.com.
CarCast is twice weekly automotive podcast hosted by Adam Carolla, Bill Goldberg and Matt “The Motorator” D’Andria. It’s the only show of its kind that explores all aspects of the automotive space from the performance aftermarket, to new car buying and the future of the automotive industry. The guys answer your questions, offer advice and feature guests from the automotive industry and celebrity car enthusiasts.
Car and Driver magazine brings its irreverent and no-holds-barred take on cars and happenings in the automotive world. Hear straight talk from Car and Driver’s top editors replete with their unique brand of humor and expert insight, which has made Car and Driver the leader in automotive news.
This fun Car Radio Show is a great mix of Car Repair, Car Care and Car Advice. The Motor Medics keep you entertained and help you understand your cars and trucks. Airing on over 225 stations across America since 1990 we are America's Largest radio auto show. Thanks for Tuning-In and Tuning-Up with Russ, Shannon,and Chris. We'll see you...Under The Hood!
Join our experts at the Consumer Reports Test Track as they discuss cars, answer buying questions, and share insights on everything automotive.
The hosts of "Everyday Driver", Paul and Todd, get behind the microphone to answer questions and help viewers find the right car for their needs.  Disagreement and debate are bound to happen.  Along the way they discuss what goes on behind the scenes of their review films and other topics throughout the car industry.
Internet automotive personalities Rob Kibbe (kind of famous-ish) and Mike Finnegan (actually famous) talk cars, funny movies, and give a fanboy review the Dukes of Hazzard TV series, episode-by-episode. If you grew up idolizing flying orange Dodge Chargers, ever climbed through your mom's station wagon window, or just like to laugh so hard Diet Coke comes out your nose, this is the show for you. Twice monthly in iTunes and YouTube. http://www.themusclecarplace.com/category/kibbe-and-finnegan
A downloadable Cars and Coffee hosted by writer, comedian and automotive enthusiast Spike Feresten and recorded live from the porch of the famous Malibu Kitchen.  A humorous round table discussion featuring celebrity guests, the latest car news, new model test-drives, and advice for new and classic car buyers. As always, there's one empty chair at Spike's table saved for you, the listener.
Dialed In is a podcast where we explore obsession in all of its advantages and challenges... but especially about cars and garages
The podcast by the people who obsessively cover the auto industry.
New York Times contributor and Emmy Award-winning automotive journalist Tom Voelk looks at all things cars.
Join our experts at the Consumer Reports Test Track as they discuss cars, answer buying questions, and share insights on everything automotive.
A short podcast about motorcycling with interviews from bike builders and moto junkies.
Entertaining, empowering and educating the automotive community with host Frank Leutz.
The podcast extension of "Regular Car Reviews", a YouTube comedy car show.
The Truck Show Podcast with Lightning and Holman is a fun, irreverent and edgy look at today’s world of trucks. Hosted by veteran Los Angeles radio personality and producer Jay “Lightning” Tilles and truck expert and longtime automotive journalist Sean Holman, the duo bring a unique and entertaining perspective to truck enthusiasts. Featuring informative segments with a comedic twist, The Truck Show Podcast includes interviews with industry personalities, new product reviews, event coverage, humorous dissection of past trends, and the latest happenings in all things truck, including lifted, lowered, and everything in between.
Explore the world of LEGO Technic and listen to the stories behind the creation of the incredible LEGO Technic models.
The Fighter Pilot Podcast explores the fascinating world of air combat: the aircraft, the weapons systems, and most importantly--the people.  Each episode features a guest who helps explain the topic at hand such as how ejection seats work or what it's like to fly on and off nuclear-powered aircraft carriers.
Strap in and hang on for this incredible show!

If you love the roar of a high-speed flyby or are enamored by the poise and confidence of the brave men and women who pilot these aircraft, then this show is for you!
Our aim to educate and inform you, explore and develop your passion for aviation, and entertain you a little along the way.
We’re Drone U, a group of guys who have turned their passion for flight into a profitable business. We love hearing from our fans, and we love helping by answering their questions. That’s why we started the Ask Drone U podcast in 2015. Since then, we are one of the largest, most popular DAILY drone podcasts out there. Each episode features an actual question submitted from someone just like you! We wish we could answer everyone’s question(s), but we’ll do our best to get through as many of them as we can. So plug in those headphones because it’s time to learn together about everything drone: FAA, insurance, business strategies, videography, drone tips, flight techniques, drone tricks, expert advice, cameras, gimbals, and so much more. #askdroneu
Aviation Podcasts
A Good Pilot Is Always Learning
General Aviation news, pilot tips for beginners & experts, interviews, listener questions answered, technical details on G1000 & Perspective glass cockpits & flying GPS approaches. 40 yrs experience flying general aviation aircraft. As an active flight instructor, I bring my daily experiences in the air to this show to help teach pilots and future pilots to fly safely. I'm a Platinum Cirrus CSIP instructor and work with people who are thinking about buying a new or used SR20 or SR22. Go to AviationNewsTalk.com for my contact information, or to click on Listener Questions, which lets you speak into your phone to leave a question you’d like answered on the show.
Travel the world with Flight Attendant Betty!!!  This is a airline and travel podcast with funny stories from the airplane and around the world!!  I actually have a book coming out...if go to my website www.bettyinthesky.com you can find out more about the book and e-book!
The Finer Points is the original educational aviation podcast. Launched in 2005, TFP delivers expert CFI wisdom from award winning certified flight instructor, Jason Miller. Over the last 20 years Jason has been working to perfect the art of flight instruction. He was named FAA Wester Pacific CFI of the year in 2009 and 2016, works as an AOPA Air Safety Institute instructor, and writes monthly columns for FLYING magazine. Jason is passionate about conveying accurate, meaningful information to pilots.
Every week the UCAP gang gathers to talk about all things GA. You can listen-in as some of General Aviation's most knowledgeable, opinionated, and plain-spoken characters do some online, hangar-flying. Show-notes can be found at http://www.uncontrolledairspace.com/
The Pilotcast is the first aviation podcast show for Pilots, by Pilots. Listen in as Pilot Kent, Pilot Bill, and Pilot Tiffany "hangar fly" around the virtual flight planning table at "This Old Hangar." The Pilotcast is for General Aviation, for pilots and airplane owners, and the aviation and flight training industry and for those who want to become pilots. The Pilotcast has flying news, commentary, interviews, and the "war stories" from pilots in the US and around the world.  For show notes see http://www.pilotcast.com.  Contact The Pilotcast at pilots *at* pilotcast *dot* com
Become the pilot you've always wanted to be. AviatorCast bridges the gap between actual flight training and flight simulation to give prospective aviators, current pilots, and even the seasoned flyer new perspectives in aviation. 



Through studying Human Factors we learn to combat the worst enemy to our flying success; ourselves. How can we become better aviators by interacting with our airplanes more effectively? How can we overcome the shortcomings of our human condition to make better decisions on the flight deck? 



We believe in learning to a confidence level, not learning to a level required by law. When you get a license, you should be ready to go out and fly in those conditions, with those aircraft, and do so with refined skills. 



Flight simulators these days are very advanced, and we will discuss how you can sure up your flight training with a home based simulator, giving you limitless hours and practice in IFR with scenario based training. 



Learn how to fly, become better at your flying craft, mold into a safer pilot, or perfect your professional skills. 



AviatorCast is an engaging and entertaining podcast that is sure to deliver on the topics you care about.
A mix of flight instruction discussion, flying techniques, aviation product reviews, virtual hangar flying, and more! Brought to you by Carl Valeri (airline pilot/flight instructor) with co-hosts Victoria Zajko (GA flying enthusiast/blogger), Rick Felty (GA flying enthusiast/in-flight video artist), and Sean Moody (GA flying enthusiast/aspiring CFI). Fly Smart. Fly Safe.
The Pilot to Pilot podcast is a place for aviators to come for inspiration and encouragement. We aim to help all types of aviators continue pursuing their aviation dreams, whether that be flying commercially or flying for fun.
The Ready For Takeoff podcast will help you transform your aviation passion into an aviation career. Every week we bring you instruction and inspiring interviews with top aviators in their field who reveal their flight path to an exciting career in the skies.
NBAA Flight Plan is a regular podcast featuring business aviation news and information for people on the go. Each issue provides an overview of important developments affecting NBAA Members, and the Association's work to advocate for their interests. Listen to NBAA Flight Plan to hear the latest operational, regulatory and legislative news, and what it means for companies of all sizes, all across the U.S., that rely on business aviation to succeed. Subscribe to the NBAA Flight Plan podcast via iTunes or listen to past issues on NBAA.org.
Increase value and reduce risk with the Private Jet Podcast. In this show for private jet principles. partners, and passengers you'll learn how to own, operate, and fly on private jet.  Get industry expertise on aircraft, operations, support, staffing, strategies, systems, platforms, and tools that will help you avoid costly mistakes and get full enjoyment out of your business, corporate, chartered, or personal jet. Your host Tom Wachowski has over 20 years of experience and nearly 7000 flight hours in public, private, charter, and corporate aviation operations. If increasing value and reducing risk is important in your private aviation ventures... or if you'd like to learn all about private jets, this show is for you!
Providing aviation information direct to your ears from AOPA's Pilot Information Center - Contact us at pilotassist@aopa.org
Furthering aviation safety awareness by exploring first-person experiences.
Captain Nick Anderson, aka The Old Pilot, takes us on an aviation audio journey each week on the Airline Pilot Guy Aviation Podcast
The Flightsim Community Podcast is a collaboration between four friends with years of real world aviation and flight simulation experience. The show primarily consist of real world aviation and flight simulation discussion, but other extremely important topics such as BBQ will also be occasionally be discussed. Episodes range from discussions on a particular airplane to interviews with various developers within the industry. We hope that you will gain some additional knowledge from our podcast, but most importantly have a good time and get a good laugh.
It's Wood is a show about all things woodworking from the tools we use, to the companies who make them and the artisans who use them. Remember, if its wood, we're good
Part pub quiz show, part offbeat news, and all awesome. All the time! We here are nuts about trivia. And we are darn sure there are people out there who share our unusual obsession. Do you relish beating your friends at Trivial Pursuit? Do you blab out the answers at the gym when Jeopardy! is on? Then this podcast, fellow trivia nut, is the ultimate mental nutrition for your very big brain. So eat up!
What's good, Internet? Join Waypoint's Austin Walker and Patrick Klepek twice a week, as they break down the biggest stories in video games and unfairly compare everything to Dark Souls.
Your weekly source for all things Commander (aka EDH), a multiplayer Magic: The Gathering format, with hosts Jimmy Wong and Josh Lee Kwai. Focused on all aspects of gameplay and strategy from table politics, budget builds, to deck building and more!
This podcast is devoted to all things gardening. National gardening television host, Joe Lamp'l, guides you through each episode with practical tips and information to help you become a better, smarter gardener, no matter where you are on your journey. This series has a strong emphasis on organic gardening and growing food, but covers a diverse range of  topics from one of the country's most informed and leading gardening personalities today.
A woodworking show for modern woodworkers and makers. Join Marc Spagnuolo, Shannon Rogers, and Matt Cremona for a light-hearted look at the latest news, tips, and tricks from the world of woodworking.
The Gardenerd Tip of the Week is your one-stop shop for organic gardening tips and tidbits. Seasonal, organic, and fun advice for your urban farm, homestead and garden. We cover Sustainable living, vegetable gardening and more. Celebrate your passion for gardening with a sense of humor.
The BeerSmith Home Brewing Show is a beer brewing podcast focused on how to brew beer, homebrewing techniques, and beer stories from top US and international brewers.  In each episode we bring you an interview with guests assembled from around the world to talk about beer, craft beer and homebrew.  The BeerSmith podcast is hosted by Dr Brad Smith, the author of BeerSmith homebrewing software, the book Home Brewing with BeerSmith, and the BeerSmith blog which attracts over 200,000 readers monthly. Website: http://BeerSmith.com/blog
Gayle and Sharlene talk about what they are wearing, what they are stalking, and of course, what they are knitting. Grab your knitting needles, your favorite yarn - or your favorite craft - and come knit with us! We are on Ravelry as gayleywayley and knitterninjashar.
Your weekly insight into Modern, a competitive Magic: the Gathering format, with hosts Alex Kessler and Glenn Jones. We break down all different aspects of the format from deck archetypes to new releases and predictions!
Knitting is my passion! I also play bagpipes in a competition pipe band. These two subjects, plus a love of nature and learning, are what I like to talk about each week.
Trivial Warfare is the podcast that takes the pub quiz out of the pub and brings it home to you. Trivial Warfare is a weekly game shared by people all over the world that features all the same banter, jokes and fun that you share with your friends at your local quiz nights. TW is your gateway to a larger world of trivia and your invitation into an awesome community of people who love trivia games just as much as you do. Give the show a try and have fun with Jonathan, Chris, Carmela and Ben as they partner with guests just like you to battle for victory each week.
Barb (the mom) and Tracie (the daughter) are obsessed knitters and avid readers. We love to talk about our current knitting projects and favorite books to read or listen to - we also review the occasional knitting book. Come join us!
Podcast by Shut Up & Sit Down
Helen Wilkinson and Caroline Somos host Love to Sew, a fun weekly podcast about making clothes, sewing community, and small business. They talk about their passion for sewing a handmade wardrobe and their daily lives as creative entrepreneurs. Listen to interviews with indie business owners and inspiring sewists who totally understand your obsession with sewing.
Learn the technical information you need to sew successfully from the fun ladies over at SewHere.com

Zede and Mallory are a mother/daughter team who run Zede&apos;s Sewing Studio in Columbia, MO.  They sell sewing machines, teach sewing classes and provide excellent sewing entertainment online and in-store!
Pomcast is Pom Pom's knitty and witty monthly podcast. Lydia and Sophie talk to all sorts of interesting fibre folk, as well as indulging in knit-chat and plenty of giggles. 
For more on Pom Pom and the magazine, visit www.pompommag.com
On The Ledge is a podcast all about indoor gardening - helping you to grow everything from Aloe vera to the ZZ plant.  Presenter Jane Perrone has been nuts about houseplants since she was knee high to a Swiss cheese plant. She quizzes the experts, helps you find cool new stuff to grow and figures out how to fix your plant problems. For more information, email ontheledgepodcast@gmail.com or visit janeperrone.com.
Join the Warhammer Community team, and special guests, for a regular look at the latest news for Warhammer Age of Sigmar, the fantasy miniatures game.
We'll have shows on the latest releases, news and reveals, as well as interviews with Warhammer Studio personalities, expert gamers, skilled painters and inspirational hobbyists from the community.

Join us every week on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday for a new episode.
Welcome to the Beginner's Garden Podcast! This is the podcast with easy-to-understand resources, tips, and information to help beginning gardeners get the most out of their gardening adventure -- big or small. When I began gardening in 2013, I scoured books and Internet resources to find all the information I could. Although good information was abundant, I had trouble understanding all the gardening lingo and sifting through the information to figure out what would work for me. In this podcast, my aim is to provide helpful information while explaining the gardening lingo as we go. I want to equip YOU to have the best start ever this gardening season!
Each week, a new exploration of the hidden backstories behind the things you love to do. Whatever happened to the thimble in Monopoly? Where do all the terrifying Chuck E Cheese robots come from? What’s the story behind the helpful cloud turtle in Super Mario Kart? Join Polygon's Russ Frushtick, Allegra Frank and Chris Plante on a hilarious weekly journey through a variety of time-wasting activities.
Listen, learn, and laugh along with the members of the Critical Hit Podcast. The continuing saga of five adventurers seeking fortune and glory in the world of Dungeons and Dragons., Urban Shadows, Fate, Pathfinder, and more. Plenty of role playing and fun for everyone. Newbies or seasoned vets will get a kick out of this live campaign.
Magic: The Gathering Head Designer Mark Rosewater shares stories, insights, and more while driving to work. Listen in and learn more about Magic!
A weekly podcast dedicated to improving your play at Magic: The Gathering with an emphasis on Limited play.
Dungeon Delve from Dungeons & Dragons features live play D&D adventures in convenient audio form. Chris Perkins, Dungeon Master and principal story designer for Dungeons & Dragons, hosts newly remastered episodes of his adventures with Acquisitions, Inc. as well as other live play sessions with members of the D&D team.
DFW band Lindby brings you a musical D&D adventure following the exploits of three bards. New episode every other Tuesday!
Go inside the walls of Dungeons & Dragons for exclusive interviews and previews! The D&D team sits down each week with celebrities and personalities from across gaming and pop culture to discuss one of the greatest fantasy brands of all-time. We'll talk about the tabletop roleplaying game, as the latest in D&D video games, comics, novels, movies, and television, plus listen to our live play-throughs featuring Penny-Arcade's Acquisitions Incorporated.
Every week get an in-depth discussion behind the latest news in Magic the Gathering, focusing on finance, competitive deck building and budget brewing.
This is the podcast for poker players looking for coaching on the go. Learn new plays, powerful concepts, and gain insights from coaches who play your games. If you're looking for even more content and a community of poker players who are ready to help you improve, join us at redchippoker.com. Enjoy the show!
In this weekly podcast, World Poker Tour Player of the Year Jonathan Little will discuss and analyze an interesting poker hand. For more discussion about the hands presented and for Jonathan's educational poker blog, check out JonathanLittlePoker.com.
Venture Maidens is a real play fifth edition Dungeons and Dragons podcast crafted by four life time gamers. Tune in as our bold heroes: Arrnodel, Kara, and Sawyeh, do battle with the forces of evil, financial destitution, and seek answers about a mysterious organization who seems to have taken a deadly interest in the Maidens.
Tom Vasel and Eric Summerer take a look at board games, card games, and the people who design, publish, and play them.

Top ten lists, Q&A, tales of horror, and more await you!
Five old friends of more than 20 years come together to produce a high quality, bi-weekly podcast about tabletop gaming of all kinds: board games, card games, miniatures, role-playing games and much more. In each episode you can expect board game reviews, gaming industry news and round-table discussions. The Founders, Jamie, Tony, Chris, Steve and Brian, each have varying tastes in gaming to provide a variety of viewpoints. Since 2011, over 100 full length episodes and now more with our new additional show, The Secret Cabal Express, The Secret Cabal has grown to one of the most successful tabletop gaming podcasts in the community. The Founders continue striving to offer irreverent entertainment, thoughtful commentary and enthusiasm about a hobby we love. Topics include discussion of games from publishers such as Asmodee, Cool Mini or Not, Fantasy Fight Games, Wizards of the Coast, Z-Man Games, Days of Wonder, Games Workshop, Plaid Hat Games and more.
In a world...where Magic the Gathering seems too complicated...two enthusiastic amateur players break it down for the rest of us. Each episode, Maria and Meghan dive face-first into new Magic rules, cards, and strategy. Did we mention they're obsessed with this game? They are. And - if you listen - you will be, too! Unless, much like a Gobbling Ooze, you were born without a soul. Or arms. Or eyes.
Sneak Attack! is a homebrew actual play Dungeons and Dragons podcast set in the world of Brannis. New episodes release every Friday!
A weekly Magic the Gathering commander podcast brought to you by some of the minds behind EDHREC.
Between forums, podcasts, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Twitch, etc., it is hard to keep up with everything happening in the world of pinball.  That is why we set up the This Week in Pinball website and podcast, as a one stop shop to check out the latest rumors and news.  Weekly posts go up every Monday which include noteworthy happenings in the pinball world, such as new games/rumors/mods, production and coding updates, pinball show reviews and announcements, results from competitions, notable pinball streams/videos/podcasts, and much more.  In addition to the weekly post, reviews, interviews, locations, and other pinball related articles will be posted sporadically.  This podcast covers all of that and more!
Garagehammer - A Warhammer: Age of Sigmar podcast featuring news, reviews, rumors and updates about Warhammer: Age of Sigmar, brought to you twice a month by David Witek. We will often delve into other games systems and various fandoms depending on the whims of the host. 



After Ullanor: The Horus Heresy Garagehammer Book Club is also on the Garagehammer website. On that show, hosts David Witek and Greg Dann offer their critical analysis of the Black Library Horus Heresy series. Find it on iTunes by searching "After Ullanor"

d20 Dames is a tabletop storytelling podcast powered by Dungeons & Dragons. Every other week a group of five daring ladies comes together to explore a fantastic realm, befriend (or behead) monsters, and punch creeps.
Revisionist History is Malcolm Gladwell's journey through the overlooked and the misunderstood. Every episode re-examines something from the past—an event, a person, an idea, even a song—and asks whether we got it right the first time. From Panoply Media. Because sometimes the past deserves a second chance.
If you've ever wanted to know about champagne, satanism, the Stonewall Uprising, chaos theory, LSD, El Nino, true crime and Rosa Parks then look no further. Josh and Chuck have you covered.
Awaken, discover and connect to the deeper meaning of the world around you with SuperSoul. Hear Oprah’s personal selection of her interviews with thought-leaders, best-selling authors, spiritual luminaries, as well as health and wellness experts. All designed to light you up, guide you through life’s big questions and help bring you one step closer to your best self.
A podcast of three dudes (most of the time) hanging out and recording it.
Sometimes all it takes is one little fact or one little piece of wisdom to change your life forever. That's the purpose and the hope of "Something You Should Know." In each episode, host Mike Carruthers interviews top experts in their field to bring you fascinating information and advice to help you save time and money, advance in your career, become wealthy, improve your relationships and help you simply get more out of life. In addition, Mike uncovers and shares short, engaging pieces of "intel" you can use to make your life better - today. Right now.
Have fun discovering the hidden side of everything with host Stephen J. Dubner, co-author of the best-selling "Freakonomics” books. Each week, hear surprising conversations that explore the riddles of everyday life and the weird wrinkles of human nature—from cheating and crime to parenting and sports. Dubner talks with Nobel laureates and provocateurs, social scientists and entrepreneurs — and his “Freakonomics” co-author Steve Levitt. After just a few episodes, this podcast will have you too thinking like a Freak. Produced by WNYC Studios, home of other great podcasts such as “Radiolab," "Death, Sex & Money," and "On the Media."
In "Hardcore History" journalist and broadcaster Dan Carlin takes his "Martian", unorthodox way of thinking and applies it to the past. Was Alexander the Great as bad a person as Adolf Hitler? What would Apaches with modern weapons be like? Will our modern civilization ever fall like civilizations from past eras? This isn't academic history (and Carlin isn't a historian) but the podcast's unique blend of high drama, masterful narration and Twilight Zone-style twists has entertained millions of listeners.
Debra Newell is a successful interior designer. She meets John Meehan, a handsome man who seems to check all the boxes: attentive, available, just back from a year in Iraq with Doctors Without Borders. But her family doesn’t like John, and they get entangled in an increasingly complex web of love, deception, forgiveness, denial, and ultimately, survival. Reported and hosted by Christopher Goffard from the L.A. Times.
Lore is a bi-weekly podcast (and upcoming TV show) about the dark historical tales that fuel our modern superstitions. Each episode explores the world of mysterious creatures, tragic events, and unusual places.

Because sometimes the truth is more frightening than fiction.
Join Holly and Tracy as they bring you the greatest and strangest Stuff You Missed In History Class in this podcast by HowStuffWorks.com.
Criminal is a podcast about crime. Not so much the "if it bleeds, it leads," kind of crime. Something a little more complex. Stories of people who've done wrong, been wronged, and/or gotten caught somewhere in the middle. We're a proud member of Radiotopia, from PRX, a curated network of extraordinary, story-driven shows. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
A presidential hopeful crashes his car in the middle of the night and leaves a young woman to die. What transpired in the hours after Ted Kennedy’s car went over the bridge in Chappaquiddick changed the course of American history. Nearly 50 years later, everyone has a theory yet no one knows the truth. Follow the investigation and hear from those who lived through it in this series from People magazine and Cadence13.
Join host Jo Piazza as she delves into the hilarious, heartbreaking and inspiring stories of couples of all kinds who’ve soldiered through unimaginable circumstances, and after the longest of days, still want to wake up next to one another in the morning.
From the producers of Up and Vanished and HowStuffWorks, Atlanta Monster aims to tell the true story of one of Atlanta’s darkest secrets, almost 40 years later.
Every Monday, Serial Killers takes a psychological and entertaining approach to provide a rare glimpse into the mind, methods and madness of the most notorious serial killers with the hopes of better understanding their psychological profile. With the help of voice actors, we delve deep into their lives and stories. Serial Killers is part of the Parcast Network and is a Cutler Media Production.
You think you know the story, or maybe you don’t. But Watergate was stranger, wilder, and more exciting than you can imagine. What did it feel like to live through the scandal that brought down President Nixon? Find out on this eight-episode podcast miniseries hosted by Leon Neyfakh.

This podcast is made possible by Slate Plus members, who get a full-length bonus episode every week. Find out more at http://slate.com/slowburn.
Unsolved Murders: True Crime Stories is a podcast drama with a modern twist on old time radio that delves into the mystery of true cold cases and unsolved murders. With the help of an ensemble cast, follow our hosts as they take you on an entertaining journey through the crime scene, the investigation and attempt to solve the case. With many surprising plot twists, it’s important you start listening from the first episode of a cold case. New episodes are released every Tuesday. Unsolved Murders: True Crime Stories is part of the Parcast Network and is a Cutler Media Production.
Professional and practical tips for love, relationships, parenting, living life to the fullest, self-improvement & more. Start living a life full of blessings, impact and purpose. Improve your overall happiness, effectiveness, relationships and mental fortitude with Author, Psychologist & Speaker/Trainer Dr. Jessica Kerzner and guests. Dr. Kerzner delivers straight talk with humor and simple strategies embedded with God and Psychology (with southern charm) so that every episode gives you a burst of excitement for your PURPOSE in life and steps to attain it AND walk it out.
Thirty years ago, the South Side Strangler terrorized two Virginia cities. Southern Nightmare tells how detectives brought a serial killer to justice, using DNA for the very first time.
You're used to seeing Casey Neistat share his own life through his popular YouTube video series. But now, listen to Casey and his wife Candice discuss candidly the ups and downs of their marriage, friendship, parenting, and lives in the YouTube spotlight.
Debra Newell is a successful interior designer. She meets John Meehan, a handsome man who seems to check all the boxes: attentive, available, just back from a year in Iraq with Doctors Without Borders. But her family doesn’t like John, and they get entangled in an increasingly complex web of love, deception, forgiveness, denial, and ultimately, survival. Reported and hosted by Christopher Goffard from the L.A. Times.
Criminal is a podcast about crime. Not so much the "if it bleeds, it leads," kind of crime. Something a little more complex. Stories of people who've done wrong, been wronged, and/or gotten caught somewhere in the middle. We're a proud member of Radiotopia, from PRX, a curated network of extraordinary, story-driven shows. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Join host Jo Piazza as she delves into the hilarious, heartbreaking and inspiring stories of couples of all kinds who’ve soldiered through unimaginable circumstances, and after the longest of days, still want to wake up next to one another in the morning.
You're used to seeing Casey Neistat share his own life through his popular YouTube video series. But now, listen to Casey and his wife Candice discuss candidly the ups and downs of their marriage, friendship, parenting, and lives in the YouTube spotlight.
A raw look at the combat and homecoming experience from American veterans who have been deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan. “This Is War” chronicles the trials of combat vets both abroad and at home. 
For the past year, reporter Sarah Delia has worked to unwrap the case of "Linda," a Charlotte-area woman who was sexually assaulted by a stranger in 2015… and is still struggling to find answers. In a world full of #MeToo’s, justice might look as swift as one woman speaking up, but for many, resolution is a long and winding road. Follow the investigation at WFAE.org/SheSays.
From the makers of the award-winning podcast Criminal, This is Love investigates life’s most persistent mystery. Stories of sacrifice, obsession, and the ways in which we bet everything on each other.
Join TV writer, actor, and New York Times best-selling author Gaby Dunn (aka America's Deadbeat Sweetheart) for season three of Bad With Money. After two seasons of reckoning with her own financial identity, Gaby's ready to give the American financial system an identity crisis. Every week, Gaby brings a queer, feminist, unabashedly radical point of view to conversations with celebrities, journalists, politicians, authors, activists, and fellow deadbeats. If you're sick of podcast "experts" giving you practical financial advice, you're going to love Bad With Money - the show that knows there's nothing practical about money, and isn't afraid to freak out about it.
The Generation Why Podcast released its first episode in 2012 and pioneered the true crime genre in the podcasting world. Two friends, Aaron & Justin, break down theories and give their opinions on unsolved murders, controversies, mysteries and conspiracies.
Every house is haunted. In each episode of “Family Ghosts,” we'll investigate the true story behind a mysterious figure whose legend has followed a family for generations. Grandmothers who were secretly jewel smugglers, uncles who led double lives, siblings who vanished without a trace...these specters cast shadows over our lives in ways that might not be immediately obvious. But we are all formed in part by our familial collections of secrets, intrigues, and myths. By engaging with each others’ legends, perhaps we can see each others’ realities more clearly.

Hosted by Moth Grand Slam winner Sam Dingman, whose stories have been featured on Risk!, TBTL, Benjamen Walker's Theory of Everything, and The Moth Radio Hour.
Crime Junkie is a weekly podcast dedicated to giving you a true crime fix. Every Monday, Ashley Flowers will tell you about whatever crime she’s been obsessing over that week in a way that sounds like you're sitting around talking crime with your best friends. The storytelling is straightforward and free of rabbit holes so the cases stay suspenseful and are easy to follow. If you can never get enough true crime... Congratulations, you’re a Crime Junkie! You’ve found your people.
Every week host Dan Zupansky will interview the authors that have written about the most shocking killers of all time.
5 live uncovers the incredible story of Kathleen and Michael Peterson
The Local Bar is a place to sit back, relax, and join the conversation with some great folks who live just down the block.  Each week, we bring a positive message from people who have amazing stories to share about themselves and the people around them.  Pull up a stool.  First drink is on the house.
The Serial Killer Podcast (TSK) is the podcast dedicated to exploring the serial killer phenomenon. Who the killers were, what they did and how. The show makes a significant effort into exploring the serial killers' background, especially their childhood and youth. It goes into detail in the killers' development, and describes the murders in graphic detail to give the listener a truthful understanding of who these killers really were and the extent of their criminal behavior. The show is produced and hosted by Thomas Wiborg-Thune. He is a 36 year old Norwegian living in the Norwegian capital city of Oslo. The show airs every 1st and 15th of each month and currently has in excess of 5 million unique downloads.
Personally connecting the dots. All of them.  Benjamen Walker's Theory of Everything is a proud member of Radiotopia, from PRX. Learn more at radiotopia.fm.
Two comedians take an unmerciful and hilarious look at athletes who have lost big games...with the law! Crime in Sports does the research, and finds the funny in the world of sports true crime. New episode every week!
Listen to chilling TRUE stories of everyday people who have encountered paranormal phenomena of all types.  Ghost stories, UFO, cryptids and more!  This feed reflects the last 90 days of content, Jim Harold's Campfire has been in production since 2009 with over 300 episodes.  True ghost stories, hauntings, life after death stories and more. Hosted by Jim Harold.
All kids make dumb mistakes. But depending on your zip code, race, or just bad luck, those mistakes can have a lasting impact. Mass incarceration starts young. In Caught: The Lives of Juvenile Justice, hear from kids about the moment they collided with law and order, and how it changed them forever.
WNYC Studios is a listener-supported producer of other leading podcasts including Freakonomics Radio, Snap Judgment, Death, Sex & Money, On the Media and many others.
Crawlspace is a true crime podcast from the guys who brought you Missing Maura Murray. Lance & Tim continue to dive as deep as possible into missing persons cases, murders, robberies, and family mysteries; while filming a documentary about their quest.
Current cases:
Brianna Maitland's 2004 disappearance
The 1918 unsolved murder of William Dean
The John Giuca wrongful conviction case
The Vanishing Men of Boston
Join our hosts as they travel the world to discover stories that will excite your curiosity, broaden your mind and take your imagination to places you’d never expect. From bestselling authors, art experts, top chefs and cultural philosophers, we’ll learn what it means to live the InterContinental life.

InterContinental Hotels & Resorts has been helping generations enjoy luxury travel for over 70 years in more than 180 locations around the world. From Shanghai to New York, Paris to Tokyo, every day around the globe people are discovering how they can experience luxury travel as it should be. Explore more stories related to these episodes at intercontinental.com/life.
A weekly one-hour conversation with guest experts and callers about travel, cultures, people, and the things we find around the world that give life its extra sparkle. Rick Steves is America's leading authority on travel to Europe and beyond. Host and writer of over a hundred public television travel shows and author of 30 best-selling guidebooks, Rick now brings his passion for exploring and understanding our world to public radio. Related travel information and message boards on www.ricksteves.com.
The DIS Unplugged podcast is a weekly roundtable discussion that discuss all aspects of planning a Disney vacation. Our show is unbiased, and presents honest opinions of every aspect of a Disney experience - from dining and theme parks to attractions and hotels. Each week we discuss various topics related to Walt Disney World, Disney Cruise Line, and Disneyland California, including the top Disney news stories, dining and restaurant reviews, upcoming events, Disney vacation planning tips, listener questions, plus much more! Our team of Orlando experts includes Pete Werner, Julie Martin, Corey Martin, Kevin Klose, John Magi, Teresa Echols, Kathy Werling, Steve Porter, Ryno Clavin, and Craig Williams.
Some things feel complex—let’s make them easier to understand. Tsh Oxenreider chats with friends as they break down big ideas. From deep stuff, like world events, to smaller things, like Netflix binges, they deep-dive to make sense of it all, then come back up for air more enlightened. With co-hosts Kendra Adachi, Stephanie Langford, Erin Loechner, and Haley Stewart.
Do you want to learn how to travel the world for as long as you desire, on your terms while spending less money? Whether you're a travel newbie dying to figure out how to explore the world, an occasional traveler longing to make your holiday everyday, or an experienced globetrotter seeking unique ways to keep traveling full time, you're in the right place. Travel expert Jason Moore from ZeroToTravel.com chats with adventurous people living life on the road so you can discover new ways to travel endlessly. Jason and his guests share insanely actionable advice and key resources, getting down and dirty on topics like; starting and running an online business from anywhere, travel and work opportunities, gutsy budget travel strategies, surprising ways to earn free travel, the digital nomad life, unconventional travel based lifestyles, fun travel jobs, how to plan epic adventures, backpacking, 4 hour work week inspired topics, and everything in between. Jason has wandered the planet for 15+ years working as a tour manager in events/music, an adventure travel tour guide, a trash sweeper, and now as a location independent entrepreneur running businesses on the fly. He is obsessed with doing whatever he can to help you explore our crazy planet, no matter what your current situation or experience. Let's do this! Subscribe now and welcome.
The Best & Worst of Walt Disney World is a weekly discussion that covers what is great and... not so great at Walt Disney World! The show is hosted by Pete Werner and Steve Porter, and they use their vast knowledge of Walt Disney World to help you plan your vacation by deciding what are the must do's and what are the things to skip!
The DIS Unplugged Disneyland Edition podcast is a weekly roundtable discussion that covers all aspects of planning a Disneyland vacation. New discussion shows are released every Thursday.
Join author, speaker and Disney expert Lou Mongello on this award-winning Disney podcast for Walt Disney World news, vacation planning, trivia, history, interviews with Disney Imagineers, special guests and more. Have fun with some trivia and explore the history of Walt Disney World. Get vacation planning tips and advice as well as attraction, dining & resort reviews. Enter our weekly Disney trivia contests and more! For more information, visit our web site at http://WDWRadio.com! WDW Radio is the award-winning online radio show dedicated to celebrating the magic of Walt Disney World. Hosted by Disney expert, author, and speaker Lou Mongello, this family-friendly show has been named Best Travel Podcast for 9 consecutive years, and also features a blog, videos, live broadcasts, large community, and special events, and is also home to Lou Mongello's Walt Disney World Trivia Books, "102 Ways to Save Money For and At Walt Disney World," and Audio Guides to Walt Disney World. Learn more at http://WDWRadio.com
Take a walk through Walt Disney World with TouringPlans's Len Testa and Jim Hill from JimHillMedia.com as they talk about upcoming projects and rumored happenings from all around the "World".
The Budget-Minded Traveler podcast is your source for the everyday inspiration and practical tips that make international travel accessible to everyone. If you want to see the world, you can make it happen, and Traveling Jackie and her world-wandering guests will help you get there.
This podcast is for people who are interested in downsizing their life, creating remote income, and working from anywhere. The RV Entrepreneur Podcast is a weekly show where I interview nomadic entrepreneurs who have made the leap into the RV lifestyle and have taken their businesses with them on the road.
Disney podcast bringing you a little Disney World where ever you may be. Talking mostly Walt Disney World Orlando
Disney | Disney World | Disney Podcast | Disney World Podcast| Like WDW Radio and Disunplugged
  www.unlockingthemagic.com
The best of BBC Radio 3's flagship arts and ideas programme Free Thinking - featuring in-depth interviews and debates with artists, scientists and public figures.
Keeping Your Daydream of travel doesn’t have to break the bank… or spend your entire life working to achieve! In this weekly interview show, you’ll hear inspiring stories of people who left “normal” to pursue their travel dreams. Each episode brings you a different perspective on a new way of living. Guests share their daydream, defining moment, how they achieved their dream and how they sustain their unique lifestyle. Your host Tricia Leach extracts lessons learned so you can take one step closer to keeping your daydream alive!
Rick Steves Italy Audio Tours provide humorous and insightful commentary on the art and history of many of Italy's most notable museums and historic sites in Assisi, Florence, Pompeii, Milan, Naples, Rome, Siena, and Venice. Each tour includes a PDF companion map, downloadable at http://www.ricksteves.com/audiotours. Subscribe to get them all! Excerpted from Rick Steves guidebooks. All rights reserved. You'll find related travel information for these destinations at http://www.ricksteves.com.
***Voted &quot;Most Informative Podcast&quot; in the Disney Podcast Awards*** 



A Disney World planning show covering topics that include touring plans, packing tips, travel with kids, Disney Dining Plan, which rides to ride, Disney resorts, magical touches to add to your trip + lots more. Visit WDWPrepSchool.com for even more tips.
In addition to being the host of public television and radio travel programs and the author of over 50 travel books, Rick Steves is an active and charismatic lecturer. In Rick Steves Travel Talks you'll join Rick and his travel experts as they speak on topics ranging from European Travel Skills to Travel as a Political Act.
With an influential audience of city mayors, urban planners and architects, this is Monocle’s guide to making better cities, be it new technology, state-of-the-art subways or compact apartments.
'Nómadas' es una aventura sonora que invita a explorar los rincones más especiales de nuestro planeta. Un gran viaje virtual lleno de voces, ruidos y músicas que permiten construir en la imaginación lugares, rostros, aromas y sabores. Es a la vez una útil guía para planificar rutas y toda una experiencia sensorial. No hay tiempos muertos: el camino está jalonado de pinceladas gastronómicas, históricas, cinematográficas, radiofónicas, fotográficas... Porque una imagen no siempre vale más que mil palabras.
The Extra Pack of Peanuts Travel Podcast is hosted by Travis Sherry, a serial entrepreneur and world traveler.  Known as "Rick Steves for the new generation", this podcast will teach you everything you need to know to travel more and spend less. 

From interviews with some of the world's most famous travel names, like Chris Guillebeau, Bruce Poon Tip, AJ Jacobs, Chris Christensen and others to specific travel advice on how to use frequent flyer miles, score cheap hotels, pack like a pro, and travel on a budget, this show does it all.

We'll also highlight specific destinations, telling you what it's really like to travel to India, the best places to eat and sleep in Paris, and top everything off with our Top 10 lists, which will make you laugh, reminisce, and ultimately, be filled with wanderlust. 

To find out even more, visit our renowned travel site at www.extrapackofpeanuts.com.
Tune in to Stuff Mom Never Told You to hear Bridget Todd and Anney Reese keep it real with a research-driven rundown of the ever-evolving challenges facing women today and throughout history, paired with smart, strategic solutions to further women’s lives, careers, and activism. New episodes come out every Wednesday and Friday.
For the Love of Wisdom is a show for anyone who is interested in expanding their horizons, connecting with like-minded people, and learning more about the world around them as well as places and concepts which are more abroad. Common show topics include career challenges, progressive politics, sex and relationship issues, health awareness, financial literacy and more. For the Love of Wisdom airs live every Thursday afternoon from 4:00pm-6:00pm on North Coast Underground.
Beginner friendly if listened to in order! For anyone interested in an educational podcast about philosophy where you don't need to be a graduate-level philosopher to understand it. In chronological order, the thinkers and ideas that forged the world we live in are broken down and explained.
Welcome to The Future Is Beautiful with Amisha Ghadiali. On this show we explore the weave between politics, spirituality, creativity and sustainability. The people, projects and ideas we meet here are challenging the dominant world story and creating a beautiful future. We share a new interview every Thursday.  

Every one of us has ideas and personal experiences to share that can lead us to a brighter future. Our global future is created by all of us, together. The Future Is Beautiful is the start of a new conversation for making that happen.

How will you create beauty in the world?

Discover more about our book and podcast at www.thefutureisbeautiful.co
A Podcast from Liberty Fund's Library of Law & Liberty
Heben Nigatu and Tracy Clayton cover everything from race, gender and pop culture to squirrels, mangoes, and bad jokes, all in one boozy show.
The Institute of Art and Ideas is a not-for-profit organisation committed to bringing philosophy and critical thinking into the heart of public life, with philosophy for our times. 
Described by Total Politics as "Europe's answer to TED", the IAI hosts the world’s largest philosophy and music festival, HowTheLightGetsIn and curates hundreds of debates and talks a year with the world’s leading thinkers. 
For over 1000 free debates and talks, visit iai.tv or subscribe and review our podcasts on SoundCloud
Alan Watts is one of the most widely read philosophers of the 20th century. In addition to his 28 books, Alan Watts delivered hundreds of public lectures and seminars the recordings of which have been preserved in the archives of the Electronic University. Alan's eldest son Mark Watts has reviewed and cataloged these talks to prepare them for public broadcast. In 2005 Amber Star of Zencast.org created Alan Watts podcast to help disseminate these lectures to a new iPod listening generation . Today the Electronic University and Zencast.org are pleased to present the highlights of the spoken works of Alan Watts.
Expanded Perspectives is a podcast featuring Ancient History, Alternative History, Cryptozoology, Conspiracy Theories and much more. If you are interested in appearing on the show, please contact us at expandedperspectives@yahoo.com
A fast-paced liberal radio show & podcast to discuss & debate topics on atheism, science, politics, & civil rights,; while making you laugh, cry, & most importantly, think.
Brian Houston is the Senior Pastor of Hillsong Church, a global family of congregations comprising more than 100,000 weekly attendees. Considered by many as a leading voice in the shaping of contemporary leadership values and church culture; Brian is highly regarded for his bold innovation and passion for the local church. Pastor Brian’s infectious love for people and his empowering brand of leadership is beamed to millions of people weekly through his program, Brian Houston @ Hillsong Television, and draws tens of thousands annually to Hillsong Conference in Sydney, London and New York City. He is also the President of the newly appointed Hillsong Channel, President of the Hillsong International Leadership College and the Executive Producer of countless gold and platinum albums that have come from the Hillsong Worship team. For more leadership thoughts and content, go to www.BrianCHouston.com
Survivalist Prepper, all about survival for preppers, prepping and living off the grid without all the "tin foil hat" stuff. Learning how to become self sufficient and living without any outside help from the government. Stay up to date with the latest prepper news and information like bugging out and bugging in.
Another GREAT SHOW via Law of Attraction Radio Network - http://LoaRadioNetwork.com.  Law of Attraction Talk Radio is where Science merges with spirituality and metaphysics as we explore the Universal Law of Attraction.  

Join as we talk to the experts on how to create the life we have always wanted through Conscious Creation, Deliberate Creation, Self-Improvement and Self-powerment.  We can experience miracles through listening to positive and inspirational radio that keeps you plugged into the Law of Attraction.

Previous guests have been Dr. Bruce Lipton, Gregg Braden, Lynne McTaggart, Byron Katie, Joe Vitale, Jo Dunning, David Wilcock, Jill Bolte Taylor, Gary Zukav, John Assaraf and Robert Holden.  We have many Hay House Authors and Radio show hosts as well as guests that appears on Oprah Winfrey Show, Good Morning America, Larry King Live and the Today Show.

Another great show brought to you by the Law of Attraction Radio Network.
A discussion of Norse Mythology and other myths and stories of Northern Europe.
Author Nigel Warburton reads from his book Philosophy: The Classics which is an introduction to 27 key works in the history of Philosophy
Midnight in the Desert formerly hosted by Art Bell, now by Heather Wade, is broadcast LIVE from 9pm to 1am Pacific, Midnight to 4am Eastern for FREE, Monday thru Friday, on the Dark Matter Digital Network.  You can listen via a link on the website, or use an app on your smartphone or tablet. You can listen via the TuneIn Radio, Simple Radio or Talk Stream Live apps. Install these apps from your App store and search for Dark Matter Digital Network and you'll be listening to the current schedule of shows. This podcast includes FREE selected shows and excerpts.
Mosaic presents Living Myth, a podcast with Michael Meade, renowned mythologist and storyteller. Meade presents mythic stories that offer uniquely insightful and wise ways of understanding the current dilemmas of the world we live in. Living Myth proposes that genuine solutions to the complex and intractable problems of our world require both transcendent imagination and cohering, transformative narratives.
A periodic showcase of the world's greatest philosophy, from thinkers such as Plato, Descarte, Nietszche and more!
Helping You Live the Life You Want, If Times Get Tough, Or Even If They Don't
David Edmonds interviews leading philosophers about moral issues that effect us 24/7.
In "Hardcore History" journalist and broadcaster Dan Carlin takes his "Martian", unorthodox way of thinking and applies it to the past. Was Alexander the Great as bad a person as Adolf Hitler? What would Apaches with modern weapons be like? Will our modern civilization ever fall like civilizations from past eras? This isn't academic history (and Carlin isn't a historian) but the podcast's unique blend of high drama, masterful narration and Twilight Zone-style twists has entertained millions of listeners.
Lore is a bi-weekly podcast (and upcoming TV show) about the dark historical tales that fuel our modern superstitions. Each episode explores the world of mysterious creatures, tragic events, and unusual places.

Because sometimes the truth is more frightening than fiction.
Join Holly and Tracy as they bring you the greatest and strangest Stuff You Missed In History Class in this podcast by HowStuffWorks.com.
A presidential hopeful crashes his car in the middle of the night and leaves a young woman to die. What transpired in the hours after Ted Kennedy’s car went over the bridge in Chappaquiddick changed the course of American history. Nearly 50 years later, everyone has a theory yet no one knows the truth. Follow the investigation and hear from those who lived through it in this series from People magazine and Cadence13.
You think you know the story, or maybe you don’t. But Watergate was stranger, wilder, and more exciting than you can imagine. What did it feel like to live through the scandal that brought down President Nixon? Find out on this eight-episode podcast miniseries hosted by Leon Neyfakh.

This podcast is made possible by Slate Plus members, who get a full-length bonus episode every week. Find out more at http://slate.com/slowburn.
All good stories have a twist, and all great storytellers are just a little twisted. Join Mike Rowe for a different take on the people and events that you thought you knew -- from pop-culture to politics from Hollywood to History... The Way I Heard It with Mike Rowe -- short mysteries for the curious mind with a short attention span.
Covert takes listeners on a heart-pounding journey through the most dangerous military operations of all time. From the assassination of Osama Bin Laden and how two Israeli snipers foiled Syria’s plan to develop a nuclear bomb, to the real story that inspired the movie Black Hawk Down and the harrowing tale of a British Major’s escape from 2,000 heavily armed militants, you'll be brought to the front line of history’s greatest special forces missions.
The truth is rarely the best story. And when it’s not the only story, the truth deserves another look. Every Wednesday, we tell the complicated stories behind the world’s most controversial events and possible cover-ups. Conspiracy? Maybe. Coincidence? Maybe. Complicated? Absolutely. Conspiracy Theories is part of the Parcast Network and is a Cutler Media Production.
A weekly podcast tracing the history of the Roman Empire, beginning with Aeneas's arrival in Italy and ending with the exile of Romulus Augustulus, last Emperor of the Western Roman Empire. Now complete!
Interviews, musings and extra material from the makers of Dan Carlin's Hardcore History.  If it did not fit in the HH feed it's probably here
The Vanished is a true crime podcast that explores the stories of those who have gone missing. Join host, Marissa Jones, as she explores each case often interviewing the loved ones who are still searching for answers.
Unexplained is a bi-weekly podcast about strange and mysterious real life events that continue to evade explanation. A show about the space between what we think of as real and what is not. Where the unknown and paranormal meets some of the most radical ideas in science today. When something is inexplicable, that mystery in itself can become the story. In many ways, it is often the lure of the mystery that keeps us coming back for more... And maybe, ultimately, some things are just better left unexplained… More info at www.unexplainedpodcast.com and on twitter @unexplainedpod
*Season 2 is coming LATE SUMMER 2018!
The Fall Line Podcast is a true-crime audio serial focused on marginalized communities in Georgia, and covers one story per season. Sometimes we investigate, sometimes we reveal--but we're always telling stories of people who have been passed over by mainstream media.
All seasons are numbered by season. For example, Season 1: Episode 1, etc. Updates are also labeled by season. There is additional parenthetical designation (Millbrook Twins or Bennett Siblings) so you don't get confused!
The first season investigates the March 18, 1990 disappearance of Augusta, GA twins Dannette and Jeannette Millbrook. The twins, who were fifteen at the time, were treated without cause as runaways and their case was closed less than a week after their seventeenth birthday.
Season 1.5 covers the case of missing Brunswick, GA siblings Monica and Michael Bennett. Michael and Monica disappeared on June 21, 1989 and were long considered runaways--that is, until their case was reclassified in the early 2000s.
Season 2, out this late summer, covers seven infant abductions that occurred in Atlanta, GA, from 1978-1996.
Mastering and mixing by Encompass Podcast Studio
All music by RJR
Stay tuned for for further developments by staying subscribed, following us on twitter @falllinepodcast, checking out the FB page, calling the voiceline at (404) 590-2975 or emailing us at falllinepodcast@gmail.com.
Support the show on Patreon at https://www.patreon.com/thefalllinepodcast
If you love us, review us! A written review on iTunes has a lot of impact. Please share these stories with your friends and get the word out.
The Cold War, Prohibition, the Gold Rush, the Space Race. Every part of your life -the words you speak, the ideas you share- can be traced to our history, but how well do you really know the stories that made America? We’ll take you to the events, the times and the people that shaped our nation. And we’ll show you how our history affected them, their families and affects you today. Hosted by Lindsay Graham (not the Senator). From Wondery, the network behind Tides Of History, Fall Of Rome and Dirty John.
A weekly podcast exploring great political revolutions. Now: The July Revolution. Next: 1848
Have you ever spent hours looking for something you simply lost? How about a hundred years? How about looking for a missing airplane? Or a vanished civilization? Every other Monday, Gone searches for everything lost. From D. B. Cooper to the Holy Grail, the Etruscan language to early Russian cosmonauts; if it disappeared, we’re looking. After all, just because something is gone, doesn’t mean it can’t be found. Gone is a production of Cutler Media and part of the Parcast Network. 
Where history and epic collide--"History on Fire" is a podcast by author and university professor Daniele Bolelli.
Elizabeth Short was a star-struck young woman whose body was found completely severed at the waist in January 1947 in Los Angeles. She would be forever remembered as the Black Dahlia, and her murder remains one of the most infamous unsolved cases in the world to this day. But few people know that more than a dozen women died in similar circumstances in Los Angeles around the same time. In this ground-breaking serialized docu-drama, host Tracy Pattin investigates these sensational cases, uncovers new evidence, and immerses listeners in both the glamour and the underbelly of 20th century Hollywood.
America is divided, and it always has been. We're going back to the moment when that split turned into war. This is Uncivil: Gimlet Media's new history podcast, hosted by journalists Jack Hitt and Chenjerai Kumanyika. We ransack the official version of the Civil War, and take on the history you grew up with. We bring you untold stories about covert operations, corruption, resistance, mutiny, counterfeiting, antebellum drones, and so much more. And we connect these forgotten struggles to the political battlefield we’re living on right now.
Join Jim Clemente (former FBI profiler), Laura Richards (criminal behavioral analyst, former New Scotland Yard) and Lisa Zambetti (Casting director for CBS' Criminal Minds) as they profile behavior from real criminal cases.
A quick 10ish minute news-suppository for people who think cable anchors don't scream at each other enough. Designed to give you just enough information to make you sound knowledgeable at the water cooler, but not knowledgeable enough to put you on a government no-fly list.
 
Radiolab's More Perfect is a series about the Supreme Court. More Perfect explores how cases deliberated inside the rarefied world of the Supreme Court affect our lives far away from the bench. Produced by WNYC Studios, home of other great podcasts such as Death, Sex & Money, Freakonomics Radio, On the Media, and Here’s the Thing.
Awaken the Guardian is a podcast committed to empowering people to find the answers they already know exist. Gerritt Bake is ready to equip his Guardians with the tools, tactics and techniques needed to achieve success in every area of their lives. Realizing your job is not to place blame, but protect yourself from it continuing to happen. Become situationally aware and keep those closest to you safe. It's time to Awaken the Guardian, welcome to the journey.
North Korea is the Impossible State. Each week join the people who know the most about North Korea—The Center for Strategic and International Studies’ Victor Cha, Mike Green, and Sue Mi Terry—for an insider's discussion with host H. Andrew Schwartz about the United States’ top national security priority. Email your questions to ImpossibleState@csis.org.
Professor Elizabeth Joh teaches Intro to Constitutional Law and most of the time this is a pretty straight forward job. But with Trump in office, everything has changed. Five minutes before class Professor Joh checks Twitter to find out what the 45th President has said and how it jibes with 200 years of the judicial branch interpreting and ruling on the Constitution. Hosted by acclaimed podcaster Roman Mars (99% Invisible, co-founder Radiotopia), this show is a weekly, fun, casual Con Law 101 class that uses the tumultuous and erratic activities of the executive branch under Trump to teach us all about the US Constitution. Proud member of Radiotopia from PRX.
First Mondays is an entertaining podcast about the Supreme Court, co-hosted by Ian Samuel and Dan Epps.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, along with leading activists, journalists, policymakers, artists, visionaries and revolutionaries, talk about the resistance, the political revolution and moving forward on a progressive agenda.
A Sustainable Mind is a podcast created for the earth-conscious individual, ecopreneur, environmental activist,  sustainability enthusiast, grassroots organizer, minimalist, conscious consumer and the eco-curious. If you are looking to get inspired, motivated and take ACTION to be the change you want to see in the world you are in the right place. Delivered to you each week, Marjorie Alexander brings you environmental changemakers whose campaigns, companies and projects have changed the planet for the better. Featured guests discuss their relationship with nature early on, their journey to a green career, light-bulb moments, sustainable habits, lessons from launching their projects, and much more. Each episode ends with ACTIONABLE advice and resources for you to hit the ground running!
Hosted by Joan Garry, the “Dear Abby” of the nonprofit world, Nonprofits Are Messy is a discussion of the most pressing issues faced by nonprofit leadership. Joan and her guests tackle topics like the overhead myth, the best way to run special events, how to make a big fundraising ask, board-staff relations, and so much more. At times hilarious, uplifting, and frustrating, the stories told in this podcast should feel very familiar to anybody working in a nonprofit today. 



Topics include fundraising, leadership development, building a great board, Executive Director / Board relations, communications and messaging, staff management, nonprofit career advice, crisis management, digital marketing, social media, and so much more.



Listen to real stories of nonprofit leaders like you and how they handled the mess. Because the truth is, nonprofits ARE messy. There’s not enough money, too many cooks, and an abundance of passion. Leading nonprofits isn’t easy. This podcast will help.
Grow yourself and your team with insight from today's most successful leaders. The Military Leader Podcast delivers candid, practical lessons from proven leaders in the military and other professions. If you don't have a leadership development program, start with The Military Leader Podcast!
Listen to the free version of the 2017 California Driver Handbook to help you study for the written driver license exam. The audio version is the same as the one provided on the website, so it’s complete with new laws for the year, road signs, and general rules of the road. Click on each section heading below to begin listening to the chapter of your choice.
From bombs, bullets, and bad guys to politics, pop culture and all things problematic: Zero Blog Thirty is the stories you might know told from a slightly different perspective that was forged through war, wit, and wounds.
More than 154 million treasures fill the Smithsonian’s vaults, but where public view ends, Sidedoor begins. With the help of biologists, artists, historians, archaeologists, zookeepers and astrophysicists, host Tony Cohn sneaks listeners through Smithsonian’s side door to search for stories that can’t be found anywhere else. Check out si.edu/sidedoor and follow @SidedoorPod for more info.
Join Sasquatch Syndicate for expert opinion, eye-witness accounts, and special guests.   Visit out website http://www.sasquatchsyndicate.com and please follow us on Social Media for the latest updates. Sasquatch Syndicate is a Washington State Non-profit organization whose mission is to promote the research, and discovery of Sasquatch.  If you or someone you know would like to share an encounter, and be a guest on our show please contact us.    Thank you to all our fans for listening!!
Podcast by RAICES Texas
Trade experts Scott Miller and Bill Reinsch break down the buzz around trade, how it affects policy, and how it impacts your day-to-day. The Trade Guys is hosted every week by H. Andrew Schwartz at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, D.C. Email your questions to TradeGuys@csis.org.
In The Uncertain Hour, host Krissy Clark dives into one controversial topic each season to reveal the surprising origin stories of our economy. From the Marketplace Wealth & Poverty Desk, each season goes beyond buzzwords to bust longstanding myths and uncover surprising backstories. Because the things we fight the most about are the things we know the least about. Listen and subscribe on your favorite podcast app. Twitter: @UncertainHour
Host Fred Dews interviews experts from the Brookings Institution, a nonprofit public policy organization (think tank) based in Washington, D.C., about their research and ideas on solutions to the most pressing public policy challenges facing the nation and the world.
Economic recovery. Elections. Terrorism. Global poverty. Trade. Policy issues are complex and multi-faceted. Want more than the 30-second soundbyte? Tune in to Intersections, a podcast from the Brookings Institution, where two experts delve into the varying angles of the complicated issues facing our nation and the world. Subscribe now and be the first to hear new episodes.
Listen to our daily radio program, Jay Sekulow Live! for issues that matter most to you - national security, protecting America's families, and protecting human life. The reports are brought to you by the American Center for Law & Justice (ACLJ), a nonprofit organization specializing constitutional law and based in Washington, D.C. You can learn more about our work by visiting our website at www.aclj.org.
Economic recovery. Elections. Terrorism. Global poverty. Trade. Policy issues are complex and multi-faceted. Want more than the 30-second soundbyte? Tune in to Intersections, a podcast from the Brookings Institution, where two experts delve into the varying angles of the complicated issues facing our nation and the world. Subscribe now and be the first to hear new episodes.
Lift Every Voice is dedicated to shining a light on overlooked issues of injustice and inequality and sharing inspiring stories of change. Each episode, U.S. Senator Cory Booker will talk with grassroots activists, stakeholders, and organizers who are overcoming injustices and making positive change in their communities.
The National Security Law Podcast (aka the NSL Podcast) is a weekly review of the latest legal controversies associated with the U.S. government’s national security activities and institutions, featuring Professors Bobby Chesney and Steve Vladeck of the University of Texas at Austin. They bring different perspectives to these issues, but always in a friendly spirit. The program is fast-paced but detail-rich, and is meant for lawyers and non-lawyers alike. If you’ve been looking for a thoughtful yet enjoyable way to keep up with and better understand these issues, the National Security Law Podcast is the show for you. To join the conversation, follow nslpodcast on Twitter (@nslpodcast).
Listen in on conversations and interviews with other Law Enforcement professionals, authors, leaders, and others with a message for police and cops.
The National Air and Space Museum contains the largest and most significant collection of air- and spacecraft in the world. Behind those amazing machines are thousands of stories of human achievement, failure, and perseverance. Join Emily, Matt, and Nick as they demystify one of the world’s most visited museums and explore why people are so fascinated with stories of exploration, innovation, and discovery.
American Diplomat goes behind the scenes to hear real stories from diplomats who lived newsworthy events overseas. Experience the Cuban revolution, Central American insurgencies, the end of apartheid and more through the eyes of those who were there.  A project of the Una Chapman Cox Foundation in partnership with the American Academy of Diplomacy.
The purpose of CFTC Talks is to provide information about the commodity markets, futures trading and other information about conditions in this country and abroad that affect the markets.  Our goal is to talk about and get information on all things impacting these markets.  We’re going to talk with a wide range of experts in the markets:  government agencies and offices, exchanges and clearing houses, authors and researchers, and market participants.  Please listen to the introductory podcast to get more information on why we’re doing this and to listen to an important disclaimer about the podcast.
Join legal blogger (and trained attorney) Denise Howell along with J. Michael Keyes, Matt Curtis, and Emory Roane as they discuss breaking issues in technology law, including patents, copyrights, and more.

Records live Fridays at 2:00pm Eastern / 11:00am Pacific / 18:00 UTC.
Armed American Radio (AAR) is the official radio program of The United States Concealed Carry Association.
Oral arguments before the Supreme Court of the United States, presented by Oyez, a multimedia judicial archive at the IllinoisTech Chicago-Kent College of Law.
Podcast interviews with health policy experts on timely subjects.

The Healthcare Policy Podcast website features audio interviews with healthcare policy experts on timely topics.

An online public forum routinely presenting expert healthcare policy analysis and comment is lacking.  While other healthcare policy website programming  exists, these typically present vested interest viewpoints or do not combine informed policy analysis with political insight or acumen. Since healthcare policy issues are typically complex, clear, reasoned, dispassionate discussion is required.  These podcasts will attempt to fill this void.   

Among other topics this podcast will address:
â€¢Implementation of the Affordable Care Act
â€¢Other federal Medicare and state Medicaid health care issues 
â€¢Federal health care regulatory oversight, moreover CMS and the FDA
â€¢Healthcare research 
â€¢Private sector healthcare delivery reforms including access, reimbursement and quality issues
â€¢Public health issues including the social determinates of health  

Listeners are welcomed to share their program comments and suggest programming ideas.

Comments made by the interviewees are strictly their own and do not represent those of their affiliated organization/s.
The Police Podcast brings together police officers, the agencies they represent and the communities they serve. We discuss current events, social media, best practices when dealing with the police and the lives our officers live. When we aren't talking with officers, we talk to business leaders in industries that can have positive impacts on helping agencies and officers do better jobs. Experts from communications, finance, equipment and training bring their real world knowledge to help inform and educate our nation's protectors.
JAG Talk is a podcast series featuring Navy JAG community experts. Listen to in-depth discussions about different legal fields and hear insights and lessons learned from practitioners across our enterprise.
Podcast by FR1 and EMS1 Podcasts
THE podcast for those who want to learn about the government market from the contracting officer's perspective. Kevin Jans and Paul Schauer, both former federal contracting officers, explain the rules, processes and the "why" behind government contracts. They know because they've done it.
Frank Pasquale, Nicolas Terry and their guests discuss the significant health law and policy issues of the week. Show notes are at TWIHL.com
Opinion announcements from the Supreme Court of the United States, presented by Oyez, a multimedia judicial archive at the IllinoisTech Chicago-Kent College of Law.
Sheila Clark and Sabriya Willams host a podcast where these two Black women discuss national politics, provide a week in review, invite special guests, and give their listeners action items that anyone can do.
In about an hour Bob Hein, Steve Leonard, and Phil Walter of www.DivergentOptions.org, with occasional guests, discuss national security issues of the past, present, and future.
LearnOutLoud.com presents the U.S. Presidents Podcast. Each episode will provide a brief biographical portrait of each president, explore the eras in which they led the country, and access the historical significance they hold for us today. This is a podcast for those that wish to gain a complete knowledge of the commander in chief.
Listen to the free version of the 2017 California Driver Handbook to help you study for the written driver license exam. The audio version is the same as the one provided on the website, so it’s complete with new laws for the year, road signs, and general rules of the road. Click on each section heading below to begin listening to the chapter of your choice.
Explosions and smoke-filled tunnels. Frustrated riders and epic commutes. This is the new normal on Washington’s Metro. Metropocalypse, a weekly podcast from WAMU 88.5, explores the unprecedented plan to rebuild tracks and re-engineer culture on the nation’s second largest transit system. Send questions & ideas to metro@wamu.org.
Escuche la versión gratis del Manual del Automovilista de California 2014 que le servirá para estudiar para el examen teórico de la licencia de manejar. La versión en audio es igual a la que se encuentra en el Internet, por lo tanto, está al corriente con las nuevas leyes del año, las señales de tráfico y las reglas generales de tránsito. Haga clic en cada encabezado para comenzar a escuchar el capítulo que usted escoja.
Assorted stories from KUOW-FM
Statehouse Blend is one-part profile and one-part insider look at the Missouri General Assembly. Each week, host Brian Ellison welcomes a state representative or senator to the podcast to talk policy and politics, as well as their personal life. We also invite a citizen voice or journalist to round out the conversation over good coffee and donuts.
A series of conversations with California State Assembly members and the people they represent, the Look West podcast brings you a unique view of the people leading California to a better future for everyone.
TriMet TV is a video podcast for riders featuring news and information about TriMet transit services and construction projects in Portland, Oregon.
Outdoorsy is a new podcast from Valley Public Radio, NPR for Central California. We take you to wild places in the middle of California and introduce you to the people that explore them. This part of the Golden State is home to some of the best outdoor places to explore. Think Yosemite National Park, Sierra National Forest, Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks and so many more. Take a listen. Hosts: Ezra David Romero - Twitter: @ezraromero Kerry Klein - Twitter: @EineKleineKerry Instagram: @outdoorsypod Twitter: @Outdoorsypod
As Louisiana's Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority (CPRA) advances its draft 2017 Coastal Master Plan, the next few months will be critical in the fight to restore Louisiana’s coast. To keep you engaged and informed, we will bring you discussions on important aspects of coastal restoration, the latest coastal news and events, interviews with relevant experts, business and community leaders, and more.
"Beyond the Bench" is a podcast about the legal system produced by the North Carolina Judicial College at the UNC School of Government. It is interview-based, with guests including judges, lawyers, professors, and citizens who have participated in court proceedings. Some interviews focus on guests’ personal experiences and opinions, while others explore discrete legal issues. The podcast is organized by season, with each season being focused on a particular type of case. For example, season one is about criminal law, and is hosted by Jeff Welty, a member of the criminal law faculty at the School of Government and the Director of the North Carolina Judicial College.
The VR Workforce Studio is a podcast rooted in the State Vocational Rehabilitation (VR) Program in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The core mission and purpose of the VR Workforce Studio is to offer important compelling information and stories for Individuals with disabilities (IWD) who are "in" or "preparing to be part of" the workforce in Virginia as well as employers and the staff who help IWD become employed.   The show is produced at WWRC, a comprehensive vocational rehabilitation center that serves over 300 IWD on any given day helping them prepare for employment.  The Center is one of only seven such facilities in the United States and has been in operation since 1947 offering both comprehensive medical rehabilitation as well as vocational assessments, transition and jobs-driven training.  In addition to the extensive array of IWD at WWRC, the Center's parent agency, The Department for Again and Rehabilitative Services (DARS) serves upwards of 20,000 consumers at any given time who also hope to go to work and demonstrate the value that IWD bring to the workplace.  This exceptional array of consumers, employers and professionals working together provide an ongoing and unparalleled plethora of stories, interviews, strategies and opportunities listeners will find both informative and educational.  VR Workforce Studio listeners can expect to hear WWRC chronicle the journeys and triumphs of IWD while spotlighting employers who hire them
Richmond Fed President Jeffrey M. Lacker routinely travels through the Fifth Federal Reserve District for speaking engagements. His remarks address a broad range of issues affecting monetary, financial and payments economics, as well as the role of the U.S. Central Bank. Lacker's comments reflect the views of the Richmond Fed but not necessarily those of his colleagues on the Federal Open Market Committee.
The Texas Department of Transportation wants you to get the facts on transportation in Texas. Get them here with this weekly podcast.
The Dog Tag is a podcast for Veterans by Veterans produced by the Texas Veterans Land Board. We want to educate and empower our Veterans, military members and their families about all the different programs, benefits, services and resources that are offered throughout the state of Texas and beyond.  Each episode will introduce subject matter experts who can help cut through the bureaucracy, dispel any myths and provide a clear path to these benefits and programs. Visit www.texasveteransblog.com/dogtag to find additional show notes and links, so you can access every program and service you or your dependents have earned and are eligible for.
The Ellison Center for Russian, East European and Central Asian Studies at the University of Washington promotes in-depth interdisciplinary study of all major post-communist subregions - Eastern and Central Europe, the Baltic region, the Caucasus and Central Asia, and Russia - in order to understand the legacies of the imperial and communist past as well as to analyze the emerging institutions and identities that will shape Eurasia's future. 

We share audio of interesting and relevant events hosted by our Center.
Behind the scenes tours and information about the seismic retrofit of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge
Welcome to Capitol Ideas.  This is where we sit down with members of the majority Democratic caucus in the Washington State House of Representatives to give listeners an inside look at important aspects of how their citizen Legislature works, and who and what it's working for.
"The Florida Insurance Roundup" from Lisa Miller & Associates, is your program on the people, issues, and regulations shaping Florida’s Insurance Market.  Lisa, a former deputy insurance commissioner, brings you the latest developments in Property & Casualty, Healthcare, Workers' Compensation, and Surplus Lines insurance from around the Sunshine State.  Based in the state capital of Tallahassee, Lisa Miller & Associates provides its clients with focused, intelligent, and cost conscious solutions to their business development, government consulting, and public relations needs.  On the web at www.LisaMillerAssociates.com or call 850-222-1041 or email at info@LisaMillerAssociates.com.  Your questions, comments, and suggestions are welcome!
This podcast continues the conversation started by the short guide called Makerspace Development: Surviving the Next Wave. We'll talk about why America doesn’t need another Silicon Valley. It needs a larger Creative Class.
This podcast will help to familiarize people globally with the joint vision of the Multilateral Development Banks (MDBs) and International Monetary Fund (IMF) for financing for development to support the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and inform and engage them on existing and emerging financing solutions. The course would largely focus on the imperative to move from billions to trillions in development finance in support of the SDGs; the new financing for development landscape; the roles of Official Development Assistance (ODA), public and private finance; existing and new financing solutions, and the central of the MDBs and IMF in leveraging and catalyzing finance to support the SDGs.
If you're an eco activist, creative, visionary, or entrepreneur SO passionate about sustainability that you're eager to do what you can not only in your personal life, but also with your passion projects dedicated to helping our planet thrive, Green Dreamer Podcast with Kaméa Chayne was created for YOU!


Actor-entrepreneur and UN Environment Goodwill Ambassador Adrian Grenier, Bea Johnson of Zero Waste Home, Orsola de Castro of Fashion Revolution, and Nikki Silvestri of Soil and Shadow, named one of The Root 100 Most Influential African Americans, are just a few eco pioneers, revolutionary thinkers, and leading creatives you can look forward to hearing as honored guests.


How can we leverage the power of social and digital media to strengthen the movement? How can we use creative communication, scalable eco ventures, and innovative thinking to help push the needle forward? And what do we need to turn our awareness of larger-than-life, deep-rooted issues into meaningful action, and accelerate towards sustainability in this time of need? This is just the tip of the iceberg of what we dive into in the conversations, while ALWAYS concluding with baby actions we can take today, bite-sized takeaways, and elements of hope we can hold onto.


If this sounds like your jam, hit SUBSCRIBE and together, let's learn what it takes to elevate sustainability, bring our eco ideas to life, and THRIVE - in every sense of the word. Thanks for bringing your light!
Infinite Earth Radio is a weekly podcast produced by Skeo and the Local Government Commission and hosted by Mike Hancox and Vernice Miller-Travis.  Each week they interview visionary leaders, dedicated government officials, savvy businesses and forward thinking individuals who are working to build smarter, more equitable, sustainable, and prosperous communities through social and economic inclusion that values the contribution of all citizens and seeks meaningful lives for everyone. 
You will discover new leading edge strategies for lifting up and building great 21st century communities, along with cutting edge strategies for revitalizing under resourced communities and empowering excluded populations. Smart Growth, Prosperity and Sustainability are not possible without social, civic, and economic inclusion for people of all economic, social, and racial backgrounds.
GovLove is a podcast about the people, policies and profession of local government. From Mayors and City Managers to interns and everyone in between, we interview the people making a difference in their communities to learn about the great work being done at the local level. Weekly episodes rotate between three hosts, Kirsten Wyatt, Kent Wyatt and Ben Kittelson. Monthly international episodes are hosted by John Allore.
Stories and features from the KUOW newsroom.
Bill Radke hosts a panel of commentators every Friday to talk over the big stories in the Puget Sound region. Produced by KUOW, Seattle’s public radio station.

Weekdays at 4 p.m. join host Nora Flaherty and hear Maine’s only daily statewide radio news program. Maine Public Radio's award-winning news staff brings you the latest news from across Maine and the region, as well as in-depth reports on the most important issues.
ICMA is a nonprofit dedicated to advancing professional local government management throughout the world. Local Gov Life is a mix of stories, insights, and advice from local government leaders.
Citizens of Tulsa is a local podcast capturing the culture of politics, religion, art, & entrepreneurship in Tulsa, OK.
Connecticut's Public Media Source for News and Ideas
You can’t make it to every lecture in town, but you can hear plenty here. From KUOW, Seattle’s public radio station, comes a collection of talks recorded all over the Puget Sound region.
Inside Appalachia tells the stories of our people, and how they live today. Host Jessica Lilly leads us on an audio tour of our rich history, our food, our music and our culture. Watch Inside Appalachia videos Follow the Inside Appalachia podcast on Soundcloud here . Subscribe to the Inside Appalachia podcast here or click the red button below. Inside Appalachia is a production of West Virginia Public Broadcasting with help from public radio stations in Kentucky, Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and West Virginia.
Inside the NYPD is the official podcast of the New York City Police Department.
The FDNY Pro podcast brings together professionals and experts in the field of Fire and EMS, offering their firsthand knowledge and experience. Hear from the pros as they discuss what they’ve learned on the front lines.
KALW's call-in show: Politics and culture, dialogue and debate.
The purpose of this podcast is to provide unclassified information about current trends in homeland security for the state of New Jersey, as well as educational information and resources for your awareness. Please feel free to add this podcast to your RSS feed or iTunes. You can also follow NJOHSP on Twitter @NJOHSP and Facebook. All links can be found in the show notes and on our website www.njohsp.gov.
True stories written and told by Southerners who lived them. The program is recorded in front of live audiences at restaurants and venues throughout the South. The program is presented by Southern Lifestyle Brand BourbonandBoots.com.
All Sides with Ann Fisher is a two-hour daily public affairs talk show designed to touch all sides of the issues and events that shape life in central Ohio.
Central Standard is an hour-long, live, call-in program. Central Standard brings you stories that surprise, intrigue and engage, with a strong focus on how these stories impact Kansas City and the region.
San Mateo Deputy District Attorney Chuck Finney talks with experts on various legal topics, with listener participation.
North Korea is the Impossible State. Each week join the people who know the most about North Korea—The Center for Strategic and International Studies’ Victor Cha, Mike Green, and Sue Mi Terry—for an insider's discussion with host H. Andrew Schwartz about the United States’ top national security priority. Email your questions to ImpossibleState@csis.org.
A Sustainable Mind is a podcast created for the earth-conscious individual, ecopreneur, environmental activist,  sustainability enthusiast, grassroots organizer, minimalist, conscious consumer and the eco-curious. If you are looking to get inspired, motivated and take ACTION to be the change you want to see in the world you are in the right place. Delivered to you each week, Marjorie Alexander brings you environmental changemakers whose campaigns, companies and projects have changed the planet for the better. Featured guests discuss their relationship with nature early on, their journey to a green career, light-bulb moments, sustainable habits, lessons from launching their projects, and much more. Each episode ends with ACTIONABLE advice and resources for you to hit the ground running!
Hosted by Joan Garry, the “Dear Abby” of the nonprofit world, Nonprofits Are Messy is a discussion of the most pressing issues faced by nonprofit leadership. Joan and her guests tackle topics like the overhead myth, the best way to run special events, how to make a big fundraising ask, board-staff relations, and so much more. At times hilarious, uplifting, and frustrating, the stories told in this podcast should feel very familiar to anybody working in a nonprofit today. 



Topics include fundraising, leadership development, building a great board, Executive Director / Board relations, communications and messaging, staff management, nonprofit career advice, crisis management, digital marketing, social media, and so much more.



Listen to real stories of nonprofit leaders like you and how they handled the mess. Because the truth is, nonprofits ARE messy. There’s not enough money, too many cooks, and an abundance of passion. Leading nonprofits isn’t easy. This podcast will help.
Join Sasquatch Syndicate for expert opinion, eye-witness accounts, and special guests.   Visit out website http://www.sasquatchsyndicate.com and please follow us on Social Media for the latest updates. Sasquatch Syndicate is a Washington State Non-profit organization whose mission is to promote the research, and discovery of Sasquatch.  If you or someone you know would like to share an encounter, and be a guest on our show please contact us.    Thank you to all our fans for listening!!
Trade experts Scott Miller and Bill Reinsch break down the buzz around trade, how it affects policy, and how it impacts your day-to-day. The Trade Guys is hosted every week by H. Andrew Schwartz at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a nonpartisan think tank in Washington, D.C. Email your questions to TradeGuys@csis.org.
Host Fred Dews interviews experts from the Brookings Institution, a nonprofit public policy organization (think tank) based in Washington, D.C., about their research and ideas on solutions to the most pressing public policy challenges facing the nation and the world.
Listen to our daily radio program, Jay Sekulow Live! for issues that matter most to you - national security, protecting America's families, and protecting human life. The reports are brought to you by the American Center for Law & Justice (ACLJ), a nonprofit organization specializing constitutional law and based in Washington, D.C. You can learn more about our work by visiting our website at www.aclj.org.
Listen to recordings of public events from the Brookings Institution, a nonprofit public policy research organization (think tank) in Washington, DC. Expert speakers and panelists at our events include scholars, leading policymakers, and foreign officials, and address a wide range of public policy issues that matter to the nation and the world.
Each episode dissects the big (and soon-to-be big) stories of the week in U.S. foreign policy and international affairs. Hosted by Colm Quinn.
On FaithFactor Impact, Jessie Everline interviews today’s top thought leaders in the nonprofit and social sector.  From the nonprofit community leader to the social intreprenuer, this is where you get timely inspiration, valuable content, ideas you can implement and connections that will keep you going. Each podcast episode features a successful thought leader who shares their story, some best practices, and their approach for cultivating strategic partnerships.  Ultimately we gain insight into what drives these high impact leaders.  What's their FaithFactor, their why, to make a difference!
Listen to the ABA Journal Podcasts for analysis and discussion of the latest legal issues and trends. Podcasts include ABA Modern Law Library and ABA Asked and Answered, brought to you by Legal Talk Network.
THE KOREA SOCIETY is a private, nonprofit, nonpartisan, 501(c)(3) organization with individual and corporate members that is dedicated solely to the promotion of greater awareness, understanding and cooperation between the people of the United States and Korea.
The Carnegie-Tsinghua China in the World podcast is a series of conversations between Director Paul Haenle and Chinese and international experts on China’s foreign policy, China’s international role, and China’s relations with the world, brought to you from the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center located in Beijing, China.
The RAND Corporation is a nonprofit institution that helps improve policy and decision making through research and analysis. RAND events offer new insights and evidence-based perspectives on top policy concerns. For more about RAND, visit www.rand.org.
Tips and tools on fundraising and development for non-profits of all sizes.
The Trash Talking with Eco-Warriors podcast was created to delve into the inspiring stories of women in eco-business, sustainability, environmentalism, and conservation. We discuss the challenges and wins they’ve had along the way, share their passion for the environment with aspiring young professionals and entrepreneurs, and hear their advice on living a more eco-conscious lifestyle. Barbara Lee, host and Founder of Trashy Beauty, trash talks with other eco-conscious females about their careers in green business.
Learn tactics and strategies you need to become an expert at raising money and building a high-performance fundraising program. There are Interviews with industry experts, as well as dozens of practical tactics you can apply immediately to raise more money, improve your program's effectiveness, and inspire you about the art of fundraising.
The Smart Communications Podcast helps busy nonprofit leaders build their communications skills and develop their organization’s voice. Every episode shares insights and practical tips to help you leverage strategic communications to advance your nonprofit’s mission.
A chance to go inside Council on Foreign Relations events. Listen to world leaders and foreign policy experts discuss and debate the most pressing issues in international affairs.
Join the pro-gun community of mature (cool) gun owners that have been fighting and surviving in the world of the RKBA for decades.  Discover how to speak to a diverse audience with insight and compassion from a former US Marine, law enforcement officer, CIA analyst, and firearms trainer, author, speaker and now Christian pastor, known internationally as the Black Man With A Gun™ that has been in this community since 1991.  This podcast (since 2007) shares American history, with a truth you won’t hear anywhere else, fun, training tips, gun reviews and news for leaders in the industry, media and the free.  We have a free IOS and Android app for Kenn Blanchard.
